[Music]
[Applause]
I promise to bring you breakfast more often
tomorrow
I promise that my life begins where you do.
you just don't want false expectations or
Living within a lie is your thing
mine is true despite what you say
I will remember that walk through that square
Shame on you, we couldn't.
look
the moment came and I took your hand while
we continued walking for the two of us
fell silent in The Big City
City City City
Why do I want to see the stars shine?
in heaven If I have the most by my side
beautiful of the Rhythm of the Sun I don't know if I
You will understand that I tell you that
feel the
how he smiles inside
[Music]
[Applause]
that I missed that every day Aldense truth
that if I argue it is to get to know you better, no
Are there babysitters who can darken this?
love
[Music]
and I don't know that we will go through moments that
we do not imagine
that the pain will be so strong that
we will think about leaving but this
our feeling will put the check on
wounds we cause to the soul
breathe me please
because this life is slipping away from us
more than I want to see the star catch in
the sky I have the most beautiful by my side
of firmament
I don't know if you will understand me and that you
a story that will make your heart feel like
smile inside
towards my side I have arrows of
firmament
crosses and you will understand me and this that I
I tell you, you have to feel it with your heart
how he smiles inside
[Music]
I who thought I was loving no longer
It used to be that kisses were given in
any corner
I who thought I was to love was only a
I play but I look at you Hey, I'm dying for
have you
next to me
invest in my life nor
excite you and me
[Music]
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost
and I ask every day that your soul be my day
until the last kiss that this says goodbye to
life and I ask every day to always be able to
love you
waiting for the moment to have you I will
before
[Music]
If you still don't separate, I'll stay with you.
Tomorrow does not dawn, I will stay with you if you
You want me to stay, I'll stay with you.
[Music]
that I care about things and when
I smile, turn around and I'm
with you
I will not invest my life nor
excite you and me
[Music]
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost
Gaby collecting haters as if they were
Pokémon XD
[Music]
and I ask every day to always be able to love you
waiting for the moment to have you
in front before
[Music]
I will pour out my life nor
excite you and me
[Music]
the chat is back
the weather but like this Right now I don't smell
[Music]
and I ask every day that your soul be my day
until the last kiss that this says goodbye to
I go and pray every day to always be able to love you
waiting for the moment to have you I will
before
Olé olé Manuel just listened to me
and now we're ready
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't promise to bring you breakfast every time
tomorrow
I promise that my life begins where you do.
you finish
I don't want false expectations or to live
within a lie, what is yours and mine is
true despite what he says
I will remember that walk through that square
Shame on you, we couldn't.
look
the moment came and I took your hand while
we continued walking for the two of us
fell silent in The Big City
the city
why do I want to send the star in the
Heaven, I have the most beautiful one by my side
from the firmament I don't know if you will understand me
fact that I tell you that feeling the
heart
[Music]
that I asked myself that every day of The
Wake up that if I argue it is for
To know you better there is no Fog that can
darken this love
[Music]
I don't know that we will go through moments that are not
we imagine
that the pain will be so strong that
we will think about leaving
but this feeling of ours will put
that the wounds we cause to the soul
breathe me please
because this life is slipping away from us
why do I want to see it shine?
more I want to see
the star in the sky and side I have the
most beautiful in the firmament
I don't know if you will understand me and that you
The story is that your heart will feel like
smile inside
I want to see you, so I want to send
towards my side
firmament
I don't know if we will understand each other because she
I tell you, you have to feel it with your heart
how he smiles inside
[Music]
awesome cool family Manuel
Muñoz Manuel Muñoz is the boy's name.
Montano pine vale of Seville already
I said these days ago okay
why do I want to see the shine?
stars in the firmament what sea sang
I prefer Maquejo
and two to [ __ ], I mean listen to me and see
How do you know there are some?
streamers there are some streamers who
when they put music at the beginning of the
live through the live streams here
It comes out as a headline I would like it to
you would make a headline when I play music
while they go after people you know
how can that be done do you have any idea
Look, I'm not a judge, nor am I a DJ Solo.
I'm here, a kid who's having fun
Of all the topics, I am most interested in the one about
I already have the cancellation of the couple
moved to see Bigdemont and scratched themes or
I have literally scratched out topics for
to be able to have a live show today
I have scratched topics, okay, literally.
I think I'm actually going to see Karime.
Karime usually sends me the handful of things here.
topics to make the news then
I'm thinking about putting them on
here come put them here to stop
record the news or is it not worth it?
a part then I have topics here
I have prepared topics here prepared
look I have
I'll tell you what's there, okay, I'll tell you the menu
today's
I tell you today's menu is worth the menu
little video here that laserling made of me
that I didn't want to give it to him.
balls to laser but I don't have
something else, I swear it is like this
there is the level
This is the level, eh, I mean, I swear it is
A 48-minute video can give us
here for a couple of hours
seeing this because I imagine having
been skipping a little over and I
I imagine that the level is that they have not
understood the presumption of
innocence that is scratched because it
we have caught what they have put in him
recruited into the team
In the team of marra we are going to call it the
team of marra is worth it
That's where the shots were, okay Aerolí
explains why he hid his relationship with
alevy vale Juan Guarnizo talks about the
divorce controversy with Eric Gameplay
Okay, so this has been this is new. Ok.
and then I have something from Rocío here
Carrasco and Carlota I say sliding for
start the topic with the thing about the with the thing about
Your Honor, I don't know how you see it.
This is the menu
the menu is okay, let's see, let's see.
scratching
good menu I won't be hungry and then
Well it turns out that Karime is
sending news and things all day long
for the news then we can
see we selected it and recorded it
newscast here live
Javi just saw him, he says the iceberg, I'm going to
say let's see from now on I'm going to
Saying iceberg is okay. And when we talk about
Biden I'm going to say goiden okay
there is the video of dala the video of Dalas
we can see it too
where do you want us to start seeing?
I would start with the matter of the Lordship so that
Go to bed or I'll do the Lordship thing.
I can even leave it here and treat it
then make a video for them before I go to
the bed and let them see it tomorrow
It's called churra. I don't care.
Let it be said that I am not like the others
I am more gypsy than a Chinese
and when you say Ukraine you don't put the
I accent the i And if when you say Ukraine
Ukraine does not put the accent on the i
First of all, I don't have to say that
to Ukrainianize tomorrow precisely
let's see where we start
where do you want to start?
where where do we start
but pronunciation matters churra a
see a little yes no when you dedicate yourself to
This might not be possible, it could be possible
the video of the video of Dallas the video
the Dallas video
or that of the haters
I think the haters are going to get us
I can be nervous about the issues myself.
I come for tasty old people
Okay, come on, the haters' video.
first let's see, I swear, or so
It has literally come in handy for me
because we had nothing, that is
I said I wasn't going to get into any more trouble
this man because he is absurd or
I've literally been watching the
video above or watching looking for
see what scratched topics for today okay And
over here over here over here is unsatisfied
more or less the issue is that they haven't
understood the presumption of
Innocence is worth it, it gives a thousand turns for
justify trying to convince people
that they have not recruited him in the team of
marra and that he thinks because he thinks that way
It's really worth it and it's going to make us nervous.
the video but well to me while not
let's get into personal things, don't let me
It's important to mention the boy. I mean, no.
What matters is not content and also
we can put a good title surely
I'll give this clip a beastly title.
and they will give me, well, look at the clip of
me reacting to a video of a pass
It has 50,000 views and is three hours of
video
Who will count the socks? Well, you can.
Count as many socks as you want.
with someone taking care of that
I don't know, that's literally what it is
What I have been able to scrape is four
little things for today if on this channel
makes a 30-minute video with a video
5 seconds Well imagine with this
that lasts 48 to see what the tiktok theme is
ok please
Many of you are not doing it right.
There are many people who have done it.
Well, I actually already have a ton of
guests on tiktok Okay when I finish
the campaign I will tell you How much is that not that
I don't like to say no when I'm done.
campaign I will tell you how many guests
I've had it on TikTok, I don't know, no
I like to say that's a little bit, it's a little bit
stupid to say that no but oh well
basically
TikTok has released a new app
which is another social network
copy of another social network laser chip
laser chimpón download it with my link and
with my code and then you promote it
Your hater doesn't care about the anuco with Ricky
We also have it, right? It hasn't fallen.
Uncle, I forgot, well, look, it depends.
How will our night go if I don't go?
Tomorrow is okay, so let's see, here's one
question is worth here a very question
simple
when you get involved apart from
download it
apart from downloading it Yoli Muchas
thanks apart from downloading it with the
link that I left you fixed I have left you the
Fixed link is worth downloading it
you have to go to the gift and every day
you enter Pin Pin Pin and simply each
day at the same time you hit start
session
This works for Latin America, Javi yes.
It works all over the world if you already
It's not that they pay me if they're going to
pay you if I tell you
Welcome Hector Freddy, I thought you were already
you were a member if they are going to pay you
you guys if I'm putting it to you
for you and me to get the
money to a multi-million dollar company
ok so download it here is the link
the pinned link in the pinned comment
There you have the link and my code if you
says Put the code you put my code
Okay, and now what you have to do is
that every day they give you money but you have
that entering every day is worth every day you go
entering and you are giving it to him is that there is
many people who have registered and have
downloaded the app look but then
He's not giving it to you every day, he sees it, he looks at it
There are a lot of people here who then don't
is giving you every day Log in
So they're not going to give you all the money.
You're going to give yourself 7 euros, nothing more.
that you keep putting Pin Pin Pin and they go to you
giving money is worth it And then you have Se
It is passed on to your father, to your sister, to
your cousin whoever she is and me and maybe you
get 50-100 bucks in a game
with a thing that is not anything
scam So it's not literally scam
no scam we are talking about
this
It would be a scandal if it were a scam
the number one company right now
of social networks
It's not seven euros, churra, it's seven
euros
Let's see, it's not 7 euros, it's much clearer.
It is if you start doing it right if it is
you do well there are more
what a past the pasta that
They are going to spend and people say but
I understand what you're saying but it's
Maybe people are making a fortune doing it.
listen to me because the print is awesome
dude they don't even know how to use it, I don't give a damn
seafood if I'm going to see you
saying so that you take a little money
If you don't want it, then don't do it.
I have told everyone that I love
take some free money there you have it
link in the description not in the
description you do not have it in the
pinned comment
you give treats to your sister or your cousin
you do that thing and you earn a little money
diquatar and I do it Javi the grandpa tik
toucher, let's see, I do know how to use text.
I do this with my cell phone, I record myself and it is
I send someone to upload it to my account
okay to watch the video basically
the laser has burned out or has been burned out
burned a level that I have been told that is
He put that they sent me a screenshot but
I haven't seen it in any video that has
uploaded they sent me a screenshot
in which
I was looking for my news about what
Marta's castle which by the way
Spanish had to remove it because it was
completely out of control
malicious Álvaro couple man
Well, look, it comes to me that I don't know in
what video mentioned that because it didn't
It has gone up but it suits me perfectly
because he already knows what it was about
comparison is okay, I just don't understand
why did you go looking for that news?
when he already in his day when we did
the passes well pass or whatever he is
knows what the comparison was really about
okay And apart
There you have another example of when they go to
the press because they publish that in the press
mine because these people have gone to
asking for it to be taken out is worth the Spanish
had to remove that one they take out is like a
Canarian newspaper
I don't know who the [ __ ] it is because it's not
We managed to locate him and he's a [ __ ].
newspaper [ __ ] or rather honestly
but I don't know why I don't know or why not
You know Javi, for me keep talking about the
pitiful canals are a lot of fun to watch
I think we're going to get very
nervous with this video eh
nervous because I'm completely
Sure. Well, I'll tell you, spoiler.
on the subject of the presumption of innocence
I have not understood it and in fact it is put to
say in the piece that I have seen that no
knows why he doesn't know why
who doesn't know why I'll play defend me
that which they do not understand does not reach them
that it doesn't reach them, that it won't reach them
Ok, but well, with respect, let's go
see what they think
context is a reaction to another video
that another channel has done to me
has made a video
That is the context, you see what it is called
Javi Levera was losing Caleta
right guys
go follow him is about to uncle
these channels
It's full Dallas and Javi
I mean, I'm seeing the mainstream of this
I mean, look at you
dude, it's just that
It's just that
I don't care, eh, or whether it's true
I say what we have always said without if
We do not enter into anything personal and just as
It got out of hand a little while ago, okay?
but
It's just that
In fact, it was once raining
straight from him while the end
dog
and he was saying something like that
was going to create another channel and that channel
was going to stay for the Lore pan
visited restaurants and other places
That is literally the only thing that
aspire
I say this with all due respect in the world.
but it is real, that is, I understand
For example, I personally think it's worth it
that there are topics that you know are going to affect you
function more than others You know that you
You have topics on your channel that are
better the strength of your audience depends
also from the Vale era right now for
example
I believe that each thing in lordships and
more or less strips but in kids the
that you know the topics but well you know
that there is a topic and that there is gossip
depending on which youtuber and what it is
portray what will work best for you or
worse But only do that because
you know that if you release a video for example
laser with released a video
He criticized Juanito Sáenz, who I believe
which was a totally envious criticism
He criticized Juanitos Hay
Damn, what balls now that I think about it, I read a
kiss
what balls he criticized Juanitos there because
I had I don't know how many Amber videos
Gil and Johnny
and it is like the mother who gave birth to you
the mother who gave birth to him
He criticized me, I swear he posted a tweet.
criticizing
Well, I don't know if I criticize Juanito or Will.
hater I think it was nice because Juanito
answered him or something like that
mother who gave birth to him
But when are you going to finish with him?
Dallas theme
I mean, I'm sure that if we get down to it
count
That is to say, this channel is entirely Javi
Dallas
If we open the Javi Dallas topic a little
Javi and Dallas' friends, okay, it's like
when you go or if we count here
surely
There are more videos here than on the Channel
Juanito about Johnny that going over To the
better not a little but come on, I could go
not directed
But what an egg eh that made me so much
funny because he criticized the issue of
Juanito said, "No, it's not that clear."
anyone everyone has visitors
talking about Johnny from Amber and the guy
He released a video talking about Johnny Depp and
Amber got two I think and had 1500
visits
1,500 views of the trending topic
because the audience it has achieved is
full only this
you know and channels are being created that are
the same
13 followers trying to do the same thing
and having also uploaded on his channel and
such that it is always good to give ourselves
visits and that and guys I'm very
very very close to 7,000 subs worth Yo
I know that in the live there are people who don't
is subscribed and people who even like it
you may potentially like my content
and subscribe to the Channel giving it Spanish
And so we
Very good people of YouTube on the day of
today
The guy in the video is going to take me apart
Oliveira has broken the truce with
laserling How Oh by the way when
when I saw that you had uploaded this video
This afternoon trying to scratch something
I got into his live show and the laser was there
talking about me again today
I don't know why I think I was I think that
was
talking about me because he says I spoke
of or literally in his live performance
The piece I saw this afternoon is
late or it may have risen to you this
video okay I don't know if he uploaded it
and then he went straight but
literally this afternoon
literally this afternoon I was saying
something like I get in every three or
Four days on the Javi Channel I
I put every three or four days in their
direct and every time I get in it is
talking about me today I got involved And yesterday
Last night I got in and was talking about myself
and my family is extracting salt
I literally avoided mentioning it.
appeared in the chat
and if I mentioned it, Procuro knows what you mean
say
we weren't talking about him he was in
the champ putting nonsense there
I tried to ignore it I tried to ignore it and
In the end I had to tell him what he wants, man.
but we weren't literally mentioning it
uncle
Laser has already made four videos of you, no no
and some excerpts that have not been uploaded
because I have seen things that
They have sent for captures and things that are not
more than has not risen made a debate with
with a follower of mine who challenges me to debate
everyone I was in like
saying that the charrulé thing is
wismichu wasn't that bad or anything like that
I don't remember but I put it I'll play in
Twitter and that debate I think has not
uploaded
This is full. I mean, I'm telling you that
Dalas and I spent a month together
vacation and he's still on his channel
talking about us as if they were
things happening that nothing happens that
final if that is what I give you in what you
I say, that is, I am as long as it is not a question of
the limit if you need to react
If you need to react to something of mine, do it
do or be literally No I don't care
I mean, I don't care as long as I don't know
go beyond the limits that you already have
You know, and I always say it, eh?
Although I have sometimes been heated when saying
I'm never going to dump your channel, you bastard.
I bring you know that is to say in honor of the
Do you really know the reason according to Javi?
that if this gossip was kept quiet it would go to hell
bite your tongue and you would poison yourself
Before continuing I would like
remind you that if you like my
content you can use but above all
activate the bell because as already
We know YouTube notifies you when
Don't miss a live video
I will cry on my face
Thank you very much for being here everyone.
the days truly loving waiting for you
member aunt Become a member and in addition to the
fat art member there shows the
pixi power
Pisces does not only see the direct ones because
Catch me live on tele salseo
but there are times when I get involved clearly, that is
like No no it's not that I don't get lost It's not
I don't want to miss it, but man, let's see if
He talks about me, I'll take a look at him
supposed
usually in the group kids info
They put clicks and put things you know but if
I love it when it's live when I
I see in fact I think I'm subscribed with
some of the accounts in this one don't but
I usually subscribe to everyone
and I get it, I mean, look, you see it and I see that
It's live inside I've been watching since
He is speaking clearly, that is to say, in a but
from all over the world from all over the world
you know what gossip is
it comes out of his ass and also from his ass and from
the little dick So pay attention to laughter
subscribe to my channel and remember to
that you can follow me on Twitter since
There I am practically reporting on
everything I do when I'm going to do it
direct from when I'm going to upload videos Ah
and by the way you can also enter the
day
and I am worse than me with the spam Javi
you know what could be Download pixie
TikTok Now will surely change your life.
have you downloaded tiktok Now with my
link nothing but I want it to be downloaded
the tiktok Now I don't care about this said the
another day I had butter and it's all
every day gives super chat
[ __ ] art member pixi
your friend your friends the forum members were made
members that I also saw in the
forum with screenshots that were
members of you not many times
Drop the mortadella, it's 20 bucks a pop.
highest level 20 pixie turkeys but it is
that you are neither a member nor of the minimum that
It's a euro
good luck there something
How much has the super chat given now and that
stiff we are no longer on the 17th and this
stiff no
It should be a spell it is
very handsome has broken The truce because he had
to tell a gossip because if not
He bit his tongue and poisoned himself
Basically what Javi has done to me
I love this guy, you can see him with it
go with a lot of charisma and a lot of art
You must put a stop to these haters no no
no no no no no
you can put anyone in the world
must have freedom of expression
kids who have been attacking directly
at random even though he tries to paint it as
a thousand colors and say that it has only been
a specific mention and that's it, they didn't have it
a truce and basically Javi has broken
why but we had a truce not to
see we said I'm going to read exactly what
what we said
Hello, I rarely see you, but I say hello.
I haven't donated to you in a while. So
Here is my humble contribution as follows:
misfortune does not affect the cold
he
that how your puppy continues does not affect him
the cold No, if I tell you the truth, no, neco
If I tell you the truth, thank you for
ask no no if I tell you the truth in
where I live no
It's not that cold yet, to be honest.
There are nights when I am literally here
recording in underwear but also
because where I have the studio too
because where I have the studio is like
very closed
not a chance to have a laugh cn4
[ __ ] I don't care
to have a laugh with four [ __ ]
ok but four literal Epic Yes today
four but literally also eh two
euros and two euros, we're four, but
literally eh
let's see The truce The truce was that no
we entered into Nothing personal and without
going over the line that I understand that in
These days the live shows that no one has
dedicated he will not have done it
What is it that laser has not supported another
Play is that laser has
wait a second or it's not going to ring
These things often happen
A different opinion is that the laser has not
thought like me basically Javi has broken up
The truce For the simple fact that the
Laser has not fully supported Naughter
Play and
That was not what I said
was I have a little gossip I have a
little gossip but we'll see just like that
I understood, naughter, I think that
He understood the same as me, that's why he gave it to me
follow has given it to you, do you understand me?
I think Naughter understood it the same way.
It's not that I don't support Another Play.
That is, if you don't If you don't If I haven't
supported by autherplay in almost none of the
last two years obviously
It's not because they don't support it
the thing is that you can't go
I'm not going to call laser to death, I'm going to
call naughter to defend me
As I have heard from Laserle, not in
a lot in many live shows, not in some
when he was fighting with me he told him
I'm going to tell naughter to come to me
defend him I'm going to tell him in the car
I'm going to tell naughter Hey, what's that?
I say to naughter eh you know like yeah
naughter was the teacher or something I don't know
okay, I literally don't care and
Now really when the press is there
manipulating because really
You don't support Nau, but it's not
that the objectively
Objectively, it is okay to insult, yes.
It is wrong to insult, they have condemned
Naughter sentenced for insults
naughter for insults but objectively
The press is manipulating and it's not that
is manipulating the press
manipulating the press is manipulating
in the way the lawyer tells it and
is manipulating wismichu when he does the
thread and when doing it she almost had an orgasm
when reading wismichu's thread
the first domino piece
here in justice and as not boy to
see the demand they have not estimated it almost
nothing of the demand And then out part
the context of the claim If you read
the sentence there you discover the video
that they wanted them to put in vale or
be I can explain it so many times
as you want until you understand it, okay
But I say it very clearly, these people, I
I already know how they work
Many years ago I was even there
joining them I have been inside
the groups, that is, I have been in
their WhatsApp groups and I have
seen as me and another person said
Damn, I don't think he's ugly.
Ariann has uploaded a video clip and it is
They would get angry and kick a person out of the
group They were leaving the group of
WhatsApp I have experienced that, I know how it is
it works, understand me then
that you want to contradict me in
things that I know are worth it And as I know and
thoughts and intentions I do not know that
the demands they have always have
as a second reading to give them a
second reading I know many things that go
to happen in the very near future and I know
she has ulterior motives or
be like with Naya for example
behind that demand They pass it there no
You can tell him how serious things are with you
person
Thank you very much Domi, thank you very much Domi
I already saw you, I already saw you, Sunday, I saw you on TikTok.
I don't know if I can tell you, let's see, I don't
I can tell it because it is not mine yes
if it were mine I would tell it And if you want
then sue me or do whatever
want again but behind the
naya's demand
According to Naya, there was something that
proposed
He knows. But then they didn't let him tell it.
I don't remember how her move was in
your video says it and whoever doesn't want it
understand because he is not very smart
understand, that is, there is always as always
There is a kind of second intention with the
my intention that due to the demands the
My intention is to take away my credibility
everything I have said No sir the demand
This is why Naughter's lawsuit is worth it.
This is why these expressions
You know insults but not the demand for
naughter the intention was to put
Headlines saying Look, they have sentenced
naughter for insinuating that wismichu
could have had a history, that's it
because wismichu doesn't want it to be talked about
He doesn't want to be a chatroulette person
I talked about the bottle throwing and it is a topic
that he doesn't want
I don't know why I should deny something. You know
what I tell you
but nothing happens, nothing happens
If you don't understand it, then for people
Like you do those things, I try
to make people see it and explain it to them
that you don't understand it or that you don't want it
understand why you are in there or
Do you think that in the case of laser you believe
that is there within the Team that you are going to
to give follow you know what you are going to get
what I tell you
I can't do anything, it reminds me of laser is
that deep down
I have what I have with him, not the things
that we have told ourselves and so on that when
I wish they hadn't happened
certain things between him and me because
When I met him I didn't like him.
you really know badly and I in the
deep down it makes me a little sad because I
remember reminds me of Javi Oliveire
He has not uploaded the extracts speaking either
on the subject to his channel according to Tengo
laser expert did not want to upload those
extracts because he has said that he does not
They seem very good for the simple fact
from which most of the extract was passed
talking to the chat for the cuts if
he is always editing it but if it is that
literally look what they're doing here
are trying to do here
gymnastics and then they are the ones who
They criticize because they say that I soften the
Things that Dallas does I mean I think that
I am more critical of Dallas when
I think I have to be
without disrespecting them, that perhaps
That's what they're looking for, but I think
that I am more critical of Dalas when
I think I have to be what they are now
same with laserland
You know, it's like, man, like most people.
of the extracts that do go up exactly
to acne. I mean, if it's me and him too
I know it once in the last video
that made me naughter
laser uploaded a reaction that was
literally to the south the video of
naughter and him in the corner from time to time
when making the comments made
that he does Ah cool I don't know what ah he
Cha Ah I don't know and I told him on discord
dude, I watched your video to see that
That's what I thought about the video and you haven't
said nothing there I have the disk which
Tell me without lying, you know it hasn't gone up
the topic because you have seen yourself in a
commitment you have seen yourself losing
naughter followers because you've gone
during these two years giving you the idea that
You're Naughter's friend, but you're not mine.
I don't care if you support it or not.
support if you think the demand is
well put and that the sentence is
perfect
very well worth the sentence is what has
The judge considered it worth 1500 euros per
Those insults are fine, but the sentence
is making it clear that he himself
plaintiff himself does the same thing, that is, no
You can almost [ __ ] when you see the book
from wismichu when you are criticizing that
have done the same thing to him as he does or
It is absurd, it is absurd. Finally.
I'll meet you live, grandpa. So
They make you feel sorry for the channels, pathetic XD
makes sense I love them
reacting to haters is pure laughter
Seeing them humiliating themselves doesn't burn you.
shame Let's see if it makes me feel sorry as such
see what happens is that I see what
What I find Thank you Juan Many
thanks what I find is that he is
He believes that they are approaching him
because they are friends Look play
tried to become a member of tocaré
and I will touch you, you will not come near me
You know what I'm telling you. I mean, what intention?
you have by becoming a member of this and the
another of the other is recruiting for what
Well, when a time comes like
now
support support wismichu
for when the time comes that they go
Antena 3 to tell a story not it
criticize or not talk about the topic
and that reminds me and there will come a
moment when they hit him
and be careful because I
They did some things to me, I was going to
same Oh she is my friend she is my friend she is my
friend not as he goes on saying in the
moment when I did nothing to her
he made ungin over where it was not missing
I respect no one and because I did followover
They took my conversations and audios and
They sent them to other YouTubers
trying to mess with others
YouTubers
her friend
who was also a friend of mine today
They dedicated a live broadcast to what you said
because it's about the member
that I am seeing it from here and I
That's it, because in the end I don't care
It affects me, I understand. So, not even today.
I took this because I had no other choice.
That's the level of gossip today.
Okay, that's it, you think that
This to me and you consider that it is yours
friend and she's going to the death with you and that's okay
but I say that you are conditioned
that you are conditional that you do not
You dare to say the opinions Juan se
note, that is, when you are not forceful
giving your opinion you know when you are not
you know things for sure when you say
one thing and then you say something different
You know
They were basically excerpts of [ __ ] in
those who only watched the naughter video and
no And the only thing he said was was
in between an hour looking for a clip that
I didn't find it and then responding to the chat
half an hour more that extract does not me
It compensates me, it is more cost effective to record a
video give my opinion and upload it to upload
which we have made an extract of
[ __ ] literally means that it has nothing more
And well that has been a summary of what
It has happened but they have also called me the
attention that Javi has also said in
a video that time gives and takes away
reason and also that time takes away
masks Yes, true
Okay, let's go there.
talk more with Gaby until a lawyer
He told me, "Hey, maybe you can't take one."
hand with the wismichu theme and I say
Come, I'm going to talk to him, I told him
everything and he told me no, that he didn't want to
getting into trouble okay had happened since
that I told him and I had already told him
I told Dana what you think about the oldest
enemy I have on the internet
logically if my car has my permit
Don't worry, notice that this one doesn't say
Nothing, he told me already, already, clearly, talking about
wismichito totally true totally
true or so
It is totally true for me and that is that I
I don't understand the criticism here but not even by
part of naughter nor on the part of
none that they are trying to put on me
as a traitor with all due respect and with
the cordiality that seems to exist now
We are even naughter and I are worth it
all that respect
naughter and I spent an episode of a
quite strong and ugly anger and
unpleasant okay
naughter recognized what makes me
It's funny because people say that
You passed Dallas audio recordings of
naughter and it's like after that
naughter passed mine no I mean in
defense
knows and the followers of these people all
the time in the comments put yes yes
The traitor who happened to Dallas audios
from naughtree as no no I never
I would never send him anything.
to anyone who talks to me about
private now he did it with me and
I had to put context, I don't remember
how was the situation nor do I want
remember her I remember that in the aftermath of
I actually made a video saying
I was wrong, he made a video saying that to me
I made a mistake, I went to Dallas, I approached
Dallas because I suspected that Javi
He was betraying me from behind and
I was wrong, Javis Dalas told me that Javi
I had never told him about me and that's how it is.
It was like that Now back to the point
this of this day
He didn't even report it and a lot of things
That is to say, it is the fact for me and I say it with
all respect and without searching
[Music]
without searching
fight with naughter I already said it when I
He made this video and I answered him.
that you after that and we are
a year without speaking or I don't remember
how long have we not spoken to each other
you told me
to help you with the trial of
wismichu having denounced me
Man, I think it's crazy.
I think it's crazy
It's my opinion, my opinion is as if I
now
I denounce and denounce more but without
reason without without me having without me having
done nothing, sue me, okay, you
you call me so that I can actually do it
Of course, at that moment I was very
well with Dallas in plan even I think that
when nau also contacted me I was
talking to him I said, "Wow, look, I
I didn't see the [ __ ] importance, you know what?
that wismichu has reported this thing
we did it, we even commented on it
supporting naughter or making fun of
the demand in the form of the end of you demand
that he put on it, that is, I told him
Dallas but in plan
And why did you tell Dala because I
It came out of the dick because I didn't see him
no importance if it were a
intimacy of naughter I have never ever
said nothing that we have spoken the two of us
I never made the mistake of mentioning this to him.
to dala without malice because it was not going to suit him
importance because I thought it was a
something that was going to turn out to be quite a bit more
early and I told Dalas not to go
murder and he took it and said it last
something I tell you about no one
awesome as they say not awesome
The last thing I tell you lately
Okay, I told him at the time because
for me naughter was nothing
and he did. Now he took the use in
a video last thing I'll tell you and
I also think that first and last
What am I telling you, do you understand me? Yes, my mistake.
but it's not my mistake, I trust that it's not
I was going to say nothing but I didn't tell him
no evil, quite the opposite was true
wismichu review Look at the demand that has
position Look at what he is demanding
I didn't send him any screenshots or anything.
I just told him okay
but I believe that at that moment
that situation at that time
precisely
He wasn't even there to ask me for anything.
favor
nor to complain to me if I told him
to the other man if you tell me that I have
told an intimate thing, then there it is
I would be a bastard, you understand me
intimacy or some private thing that
we have not both talked about that but it
of the demand Well, I didn't see any more weight in it
that nothing did not see weight because I think that
He was telling it. I mean, he told it to me.
I had already told several of them
fact I think I had told her
several you forgot to say that they give it to him
like the live Grandpa a kiss a kiss
is that you do not have conversations or
numbers or anything You know like a
confessional no no eh but it's that to me
It makes me laugh a lot and I say it
as objectively as possible
that the audience these people put themselves not
is that you betrayed Autel that I
betrayed
man yo yo I consider that no eh
I consider that I have not betrayed him
and that I have been very good
I personally consider that I have been
very good
I was very good with both of them and everyone
videos They had the same meaning and
They discovered the hypocrisies of the
allies broke and has not been taken
new not the direction to me what to me what to me
I would have liked it, okay, but I understand that
the thing is gone and this is a
Impossible reconciliation and above all
with the things that have happened recently
years and months but what would have happened to me
I wish things had been
stayed as you were Well I'm fine with it
naughter that we did not break our chests and
well with the Dalas that was the time of the
Dalas good that defended itself as it was
I had to defend things, they went wrong
Well because it's going to be me but me
I consider that I have not done any
[ __ ] betrayal you know naughter le
He got upset and showed it in the video.
I understand, I mean I really understand it
because it bothered him but I understand it, so to speak.
if I even said it I regret it no
I should have told him when I gave them
nothing if he comes to know that what is going to happen to him
use in a video
The last thing I tell you, you understand me
the things they tell you privately are not
you have to use a video me
understands
Javi trying to explain why he
You told Dalas about the complaint.
wasting time with the children
Nater Play's followers
is that I know how happy he was
talking to none I told him because I didn't
I didn't think it was a secret that I didn't
I wanted it to be known or whatever I don't know
nor did I expect him to say it
Honestly, okay, but I think that the
There were several people besides you know But
Well, I shouldn't have told him.
Ok, but the pair is not there either.
blaming me, someone knows nothing
and it seems brutal to me it seems brutal to me
and of an extremely [ __ ] up taste that
They accuse me of being accused of being
bad friend that I am a bad friend For the
simply not agreeing and it is
Look, man, it's because I literally went
I told you privately, uncle, I'm not into this.
I think you're right, I don't think so.
you have
end
I don't want to give any more details about that
conversation I just tell you I went to
tell him I think you're not right
The only thing I've done is that, that is.
and now it turns out that Javi is better
that I
why does he support naughter in this
They support getting this, but of course
naughter is going to tell him well no
naughter is going to ask him if he knows
someone else who has been reported for
wismichu to get some ideas from
how others are going to deal with it
face the
Naughter didn't contact me for that, but
apart from the fact that he is comparing himself to me
holding on while I tell him Dallas Mira
Guys, if I tell you something
laserlen if I tell you that
Wismichu reports me, you're going to take 0.2
to tell the Great One
Well the spider would know before you
you know or before me but it's that
is literally comparing a
betrayal
mine when I am not a friend of that one
person who acts as a friend but it is that
anyway I'm not saying that he
betrayed or literally that I did not
I believe it because it seemed to me
It would seem like an exaggeration not to understand that
the media are
the media is manipulating the case and
Javi, after 10 [ __ ] minutes, I don't believe it.
that was at 10 minutes no But Javi told him
gave the information that wismichu had
denounce Dallas and Dallas released him in
a video dude but hey I'm so bad I am
so traitorous people because of course I am so
traitor who had to say things in public
that I didn't think true
for you
is that I need
He doesn't say anything. He told me already, clearly.
talking about what he forgets to tell
is that he reported him
Let's see, I just said that I told him, I know
I told the truth, I didn't just have to
having told yes that it was my fault is
say if I'm saying it I mean if I
I get to know what note you are going to use
In a video, I don't tell you.
Well, I won't tell him if you're fighting.
Well, you have a thousand things to say, you know.
that are not private
that Dalas say it a video fault of
Dalas is not Javi's fault but it is that
literally that I would have only counted
to Dallas at that time
It's like if I go to the series and
I ask you something, you tell it to the anephobia
but in a minute but in a minute or it's going to happen to me
keep secret
and it was my fault, man, it's not going to be
It's not my grandmother's fault
that Play asked you for help and you denied it
You told him you didn't want to get involved
these matters but minutes later you go and
You tell Dallas your worst
enemy then
But let's see, I don't understand.
one thing
People don't understand that my problem
with naughter
and not to stir eh It's not to stir you
I swear but they don't understand it but
People don't understand that my problem with
naughter came because naughter came
He made a mistake and sent my audio recordings to Dallas.
to his worst enemy
That is to say, these people do not understand that point.
They do not understand that the conflict started like this
No
It is important to know that the
conflict was that which is already that they are
things from three years ago I don't know if it's
three or two years, whatever it is, it's worth it.
nothing's happening but man what do I do?
throw away when he was my friend and good friend
that I considered it, eh, that is to say that
If you don't understand that point, what can you do?
try to explain to these people if not
understand that
If you don't understand that, what can I do?
I try to explain to these people
Well, it wasn't supposed that you didn't want to
get into the subject so that it is known
accounts do this kind of things in what
position leaves you Javi exactly
in a very good one in a very very very
good and a very good person
Obviously saying naughter asks you for help
You deny it, you tell him you don't want it
get into those topics and after
Tell him no. I want to get into those issues.
you go and tell it to your worst enemy
Dallas giving him the chance to
can hurt naughter Sorry that
tell you But it causes me a
distrust I think these people do not
They understand that naughter
[Music]
He made videos, he didn't call me a dog.
directly
but I encouraged them to call me a dog
I don't know if he answers these things.
because I don't want to fight with Nauste or
I argued with him or anything, it's worth it but it's that
in naughter I was not in the situation of
ask me for anything. I mean, not only that I
had reported me for having made videos
encouraging them to call me dogs, that is
Javi literally said he's a doki
Knowing the audience you have
that's what naughter did
They want Naughter to get angry again
with you because it is in the Japanese
Chapter 1 verse 1.5
but I've already said it. So yes, it is
that I recognize because not only did I have to
I haven't told anyone yet, that's what I do.
I was wrong but I was
wrong without bad intention
think very big about yourself no no
and we have seen Look, I'm going to tell you again
put is very big to hurt
naughter Sorry to say but that
It causes me great distrust
towards you
this has balls
This has balls, huh?
This has balls, huh? No no, and we have
seen Look, I'm going to put it back on you.
You have been left with this, not what what
Javi did to nature what Javi did to him
made nature Play worth it
what Javi sanatorium Play and look why
is losing followers
naughter and is trying to say that
Javi behaved worse with Nauder, that Javi.
Look at what Javi says about me, okay?
Be clear about what they are looking for
stir up [ __ ] from the past so that
talk to each other so that
create tension again now that they are
I don't think things will calm down, let's see.
if nauter fell made
but it is so simple to acne is
as simple as that naughter has it
unfollowed
there is no more
I mean, there's no more. I mean, I'm sure.
that the author saw it the same way as me and
Now that you're going to get the
fight I had with naughter two years ago
years
I don't care at all right now
[ __ ] [ __ ]
you know I really really don't
It matters today, these are things
that happened and is now sincerely without
Auter provokes this
I would be disappointed, honestly
how Javi rates me how he rates me
the brush is really worth it
But come on, you're not fooling us, we both know.
Here he wants to give it to him and you're going to give it to him
give it to me you're going to open it and bother me
for something and that's it, he is a person who
not from respect eh For me it is not a
An intelligent person is not a person of
trustworthy either and I am not a person of
trustworthy eh he is very intelligent and if he is
trust eh me no
that they come out to the uterus to say if I have
sold some of it at some point
or if I have told anything about him or
to acne or Ivan or anyone Karime
That is, you trust what is to what is
They are trying to grab, that is
They are putting that on him as if it were the
absolute betrayal of a person when
we weren't even friends or anything anymore
It's as if he comes to tell me something
and I go and tell it to Acne because
I trust her
Do you get me
It's like clear It's logical or whatever but I I
I understand that if I am going to tell you something
real birds will only tell your friend
so there is no more
he does
and the masks, friend
the masks I don't know maybe I am
freaking out that someone comes and tells me
but I have the feeling that it is not
You can be trusted because they tell you
something private and you leave it
channels Like mine for example, I don't
I hide my motive and besides
It is unnecessary that when certain issues arise
topic in which points must be given to
please give it or the matter but I
It seems at least curious that you do
that kind of comments Why Because
If I haven't seen you comment on it, I've seen you far away.
The last one Dallas asked me and it was pretty
much more powerful than that of wismichu And
You have indeed mentioned that, that is it
to ignore a topic consciously or not
But I don't understand. So here what is it?
that is why does it put me that I
I have not dealt with this topic to see this topic
but the video is removing mine with
naughter is that I'm not going to beat around the bush
I'm not really going to give it to that.
back to that
there reported to Nauter Play
super simple dude but come on
come on, ...
Up to here my words are diverse, come to
get into Tim miar and Tim Puta
[ __ ], man. Look, it's so easy, man.
is that man, also if we talk about ignoring
you fear because you are not supposed to have
talked about this meta owner of
Facebook announces the layoff of 11,000 employees
employees
I have completely ignored that topic.
Let's see if he talks about the topic that
It's that really this kid I don't know about
where did I come from? This is really
people I don't know where it comes from but
true that all the sick people This makes me
They touch me but that is what we need to give to the
respect that is what we lack, he is the one who lacks respect
Of course, he has already said it before.
that there is no lack of respect therefore it is
impossible that what he is doing now
It is disrespectful, you know, and your
chat Javi doesn't insult Javi says you are a
cape rat was a climber and a rat
I laughed, I don't insult, but if someone insults me, yes.
I insult you back, that is, I know very well
good when I do it
The kappa, I don't know if I called him a rat, yes.
I said rat, well I told him I know that
He's an idiot and I told him but he was already coming
to insult me, eh
He was already insulting me, huh?
Ok, but of course it doesn't insult what's happening
It's that really, well, layer is a rat and
He is a climber and deserved the insults.
you know it's like, man, of course I'm
responding to previous insults
all the time making fun of your accent
constantly Javi Yes yes eh I don't understand
because he does those things I don't get to
imitate him
I don't know
If we get into that, we're in trouble.
reality is totally dependent
It is totally dependent on what
what he says you know
who does not agree with naughter that
Insults are not good
insults cannot be said, he did not love me
mention there are other examples which
There are other examples that don't love me
mention but nevertheless mentions me
You know that you are fake, son, you see it.
There are others who always come in.
disqualifying
basically they didn't support okay basically
has not supported naughter because because not
He wanted to put Wismichu because he
talk to the environment is that not even
It's speculation here friend
anal speculation
Ana and you talk to each other
publicly
You even have publications together
All the theory I have about pizza is not
Hey, but not that laughter filter.
various things of stand-up or exposed things
within four visits and
breach of Dallas' trust that's it
the one who tells you that you are not to be trusted
In the end, they only serve to make us laugh XD I don't know
which of these finger things is
curl this Where do these people come from?
the copy of the copy
Well yes
and but I said it Haha as if I said that
Javi is actually not married and is
single you know
That's it, I've already said it, haha.
That is, what do I rely on?
absolutely nothing I just feel like it
say something I say I believe eh I believe I
I think Haha It doesn't work like that Javi dude yes
you're going to throw [ __ ] on someone
You'll have to say it by showing something, man.
If you don't have it, [ __ ], I'm here for you.
saying that video that naughter has you
given a follow that has stopped you
follow Who doesn't do it
güito the public anyone can do it
anyone can check it or that is
literally anything can do it
check anything I'm aware of
saying
I'm becoming a virgin just by watching
This anything I say can be in
That video can be checked, that is.
literally the media thing is what
The media says it can be verified
that I speak of the sentence can be
check you know what happens that also
I was the only one
I was the only one who went to the lawyer
naughter to ask for the sentence for
know exactly what the
context of everything and what they have
admitted And what is it that I don't say or that is
It's that easy to talk about it
What's on the table? Look, this is the
I do not share the opinion of laser
laser opinion I think laser is
I think you're wrong, say it if not
literally what I'm saying
no problem with you saying that I
I was wrong but don't make one up anymore.
[ __ ] fable to discredit me is that
It's crazy Javi, realize it.
crazy friend
Simply
He already says it, let's see first you say
that he has not supported Naute for not
expose wismichu then you say that
He and Wismichu don't talk to each other then The
question is what is laser supposed to win
defending wismichu nothing but he believes
that one day he will give it a follow or whatever
They invited him, silence, I don't know, that is.
I honestly don't know what it is like
It's like he's not going to win anything but with
many topics, I mean, look when it comes out
trial of
from the dog Marlos
laser is not going to talk
What does he gain by not talking? Well, nothing, but he
It's already like he's in a bind
Within the Team you know what I'm telling you
Win the community complain to Dallas Y
Javi Yes what happens is that in these
has seen in a compromise because he was
naughter got in the way
in these he has seen a compromise
because there was a naughter in the middle
That's where the hater issue comes into play.
From Dalas and Wismichu you understand me
because let us remember that laser shares
audience with naughter but nevertheless
Laser does not share an audience with Wismichu
but
I can give another example, it can be
give a thousand examples of people I don't like
mention but come on, here's the winner
kido
what does kido kido win? I spoke to her
about a year and a half ago I didn't
agreement when it was at least two years ago
years because I remember that I was in the
kitchen and I was at the construction site
looking at the empty kitchen and knock them down and
I was walking around the kitchen
talking to him and I have it if I get it
deny it, I have it, I convinced him, I spoke to him, I told him
kids, we got carried away, I don't know, I don't know
agreement in fact I think it was me who
Guido initiated contact if necessary
delete something that hurt you, no Javi
Nothing hurt, I don't care anymore.
videos from today I don't know what I don't know how much
Javi I don't know what And Guido told me Javi
I'm going to make a video asking him
Apologies to Dalas, I'm planning to do it.
and I told him kido they're going to throw you out
On top of that, if you do that, people with the
that you take and he told me he doesn't send me
Nobody, I don't know what I can't stand, I have it
eh or literally I never lie
I have
Within a week I had been putting my money in here
[ __ ] to me in Dallas
what coherence does that have?
literally in a conversation I went to him
of all the good intentions in the world
I said what videos do I delete and he said no
delete anything, I don't care, you should do that.
stories we don't fight the two of us that's it
You know
and he told me it was going to be a video
apologizing to Dallas
In all honesty, I think he asked me
to delete a video that belonged to
powerful Chrome and set it to private
but I don't actually remember
but he told me that in private on a call to
Me and a week later I saw him with those people
hitting me [ __ ]
It's like he wins. Well, I don't know, son.
that what they do I was there I don't know what
what are you doing
They come to laser by putting themselves against
that the laser audience throws him
[ __ ] the same that no because what has
tried to do is not upload the video
What he has tried to do is not to upload the
video
Jiren, really Jiren was very cute, huh?
Jiren But lately you're not feeling well.
winning the role of moderator
You're not earning the right to be a moderator, Jiren.
If you continue like this, you won't achieve it.
Are your sources really Miami?
These theories confirmed it to me, where you
you have investigated or made them
Do you have any video or proof or something?
or is it the typical of this I say it of
heart that I have not even looked at if this is
It's true that I haven't looked at it, okay?
I'm just talking here just to talk
we created what they thought about the topic of
to do I don't know what I don't even know what I'm doing
By criticizing I am not going to react to fights
mine with real naughter or so I don't know
I haven't even looked at the client, I don't know.
what I was saying at that moment
but it mixes a click that doesn't
It has to do with another, for example with
the theme of 8 mixes a lot with the theme of
Yucatan is very different from what I said
8 of what I said about Yucatan
The conclusion is worth the context of this
talk is
direct at 5:30 from 5:30
tomorrow Spanish time on the Canal de
tocaref ok Javi had closed directly
And instead of going to sleep he went to
Direct from tocarev the direct from
I will play when I will play theoretically I was
like supporting him halfway or something like that is
I don't know what, but well, he left.
I will play live, that was the live show of
tocaref
I was live and playing
But if you are the same laser the truth is that
He tells you some things, aunt, that are things that
They don't even have to give you explanations
to this man instead of going to the
bed Look laser you don't even have a [ __ ]
idea of ​​the schedules that I keep of what
what do I have to do with my life?
What do I have to do with my
relatives of what I do in my life
and what schedule do I have and when do I sleep and
when not uncle or rather I do not I do not
I go to bed when I finish directly
I never ever ever have to work
Here with air select the extracts
With Andy I start selecting to see
which extract do we take for the main one?
I put on In fact when I finish the
Live from the youth now at 3
In the morning I start recording one
handful of news from gossip TV for
that someone has them in the morning
raised to three to the ceo or that is, they are things that
you get into things
that I shouldn't put in you, okay?
literally the day I was uploading the
I will play directly because at 6 o'clock
In the morning I had to pick up from a place
to a relative to take him to another place
and what I did was time
what I did was time for instead
Lorena going to do it, I'm fine, that is to say, I'm
I could have gone to bed. Yes, but for me
pass the toothpick so that she doesn't get
I had to get up so early and I took
I got into the bathroom in the second bathroom I
fill the bathtub and with the bathtub full of
foam and very relaxed I started to listen
the live I was talking about
I don't know about everything about the Supreme Court.
And when I left he told me I will play
go up and I say come on I'll go up and I didn't go up
debate with this character who is
here in the video, that is, in fact, me in the
video I said I'll play is that I to this guy
I'm going to accept the debate and then
I said come on, upload it to see what he wants from me.
say because if not the people will say
and all that nonsense is worth it, upload it but
I went up to talk to Tocaré and at a bad time
so that you could go up laserlem because you
you were in the wading just like
last night here that I don't know what it is with a
debate with me
I don't know what terror he has of debating
with me if I'm with you I'll play you know what
what did the serlem do that night is in the
You can watch the Tocaré channel.
literally what he did was I was there
on call with I will touch instead of going up
was kicking in the chat and waited
for me to hang up so he could come in
and when he hung up they let me go up to
me is like
They call me and we discuss the
two could not respond
Well tell your people who are afraid of a
debate no longer I have nothing to do
debate with this man if you don't already
I don't even know what the point of the topic was.
understands
but it's like I've gone to that I've
gone at 5 in the morning to the live broadcast of
I will play And what happens that I will play has 4,000
4,000 subscribers and what's the problem?
If it is that I do not care about them
subscribers that each one has
But I have collaborated with Kalimán
when I had no charisma but I did
I have collaborated, I had nothing but yes
I promoted Abedafá when I was a kid.
300 followers
from when I have been classist with the
numbers
from when
Well if I play it is saying one thing
which is right based on its
studies that when you have
interested in playing the studies if
were worth it because I have to give it a voice or
if you don't even promote that live or
I was there listening to him and I went up
period Yes but I'm not I'm not you
saying yes I also tell you that I
I am not a channel of
450,000 subscribers on the main and
300,000 secondary and such I am a channel
of 7,000 subs if it arrives with my golden my
audience on the channel playing and talking
about issues that concerned me and
because it doesn't go up when I'm in
call
but apart from that, what does it matter if you have
400,000 or so I'm supposed to
ignore to touch or be watching your
straight into silence because I'm famous and
Let no one think that the famous person is in
a small live show
Yes, let's see, literally many do it.
but I don't and Javi comes and gets on the
straight from playing with laughter I didn't get on
It's a lie, I didn't go up to talk.
With laughter I went up to talk to Toqueré
I don't remember what it was, I think
that was the sense is a lie But
Because they are such liars. Well, that's why
does not go up to any for this reason it does not go up to
no live show, I don't know if it will be played
be in the literal chat you have been in
my live shows of you know with 50
spectators and in Elena's and I
I went up to Elena's because she's my friend
What's up, is she my friend?
Well, that's it. Well, there will be. Maybe one.
time when I will play I will be famous and I will
I'll give you a hand, okay? There it is, I'll play.
I will play I went up to talk with laughter
is that it is not uploaded completely
I will play No, that live does not let it go up or
be literally I went up because I will play
He invited me and when I left the bathroom I went up
By I'll play it says I'll play when you pass by
their live shows, there's no complaints there.
but we are going to see literally it is
what he is saying is a lie
what is literally a lie is
saying or so I went up to talk to
I'll play later he was kicking like
a baby in the chat and me telling him and me
Upload
come up come up and talk to me and he doesn't notice
he went up and waited for me to come up
outside and then he went up he talks to
I will have to answer myself and then when
He hung up, I went back up and the curling
put let me your video town let me upload
and I didn't want to give him a video
curl because I don't know him at all
because I have nothing with him, I don't know or no
I didn't even know who the [ __ ] she was or that I was her.
I had mentioned in a tardeo video
and I know he wanted a call with me to
then upload it to your channel and I'm not going to
collaborate with a guy I don't know or
be it to me if I have a case a debate with
LED laser, I don't mind collaborating with him
because we have already had a conflict
public and my people who know
subscribe to him has already subscribed but I
The laughter is because there are two of them, no one is
Yes, it is because he is a nobody who does not
I know Jose is that literally
I literally see it very simple
without me having a problem with curling it is
true I asked Javi if he wanted
to go up and at first he said no
I said no a thousand times because I knew
for what it was you understand me
He had given her a video note there
that I don't know anything about
He understands why I have to give him a gift
I make a video and at the end I say come on upload it
because if not they will say that it is that I
I have [ __ ] because on top of that you know and
Now he came up and I insulted him, I remember
I remember that I told him sick or
something like that and at the moment you say truth to me
I have had a few laughs and asked him
sorry God it's true uncle you insulted her
on his face he didn't insult me, you know
but because I also understand
It makes me feel like I'm here
psychopath or something like that you know
trying to make myself look like you are like
point number one if I will play is talking
I don't care about a topic that interests me
I don't care if there are 50 viewers.
that I have half a million
subscribers but if the channel
main has half a million
subscribers that half don't even remember
of me
because a handful have come for Johnny
another handful has come from I don't know what
another handful came from the rociíto What
It matters if you are here today, tomorrow is here
here you are again here you are again
Here I don't care, I treat everyone
the world equally
less funny that I don't know him but
If I know him, if I know him, then I don't
It matters to me to go live and even more so if
I was looking for entertainment for the
time
In fact if you have 50 spectators but
but I was talking about something with
absolutely right with O sentences
whether it is that if it is that I will play it was
speaking with a sentence in hand
you understand me but I got on a
Direct that I instead of going to bed or
whether if I could go to bed you
I assure you that I would have gone to bed
but instead of going to bed I
I went straight to talk to that curler
Trust the lies they invent
Well, if they lie about this, imagine.
If they lie this, what need to lie?
one thing that is I will touch
all to defend his position
that there are channels that are sick
with Dallas take out your own
conclusions are worth a guy who is dedicated
professionally
to upload YouTube videos in a big way and that
It's very theoretical, this says it, eh?
what is above is worth what is below
above me are not of me of others to
all the economic levels that I know
the last moment slow town confirms
in comments that will not go up
straight
I'm not surprised to see, listen to me, I have
said that I am at another level
economic of all the others
family you are not going to let me lie I have
said that nonsense on some occasion
I have said that I am at another level
cheaper than all the others
Let's see if I'm going to continue here in the most and
I didn't realize that I said that
I am at another economic level
I could have said chimpún but what
But at what economic level am I?
that is above me, not just me
of others at all levels
economic impact
The impact depends on who and what
video And what moment is it about the
repercussion is
chest when I said it is but because it is
invented this dude
but it's because everything is invented
Well, imagine I had to listen.
You have to answer these videos
These videos
intelligence intelligence yes but
Let's see, let's see, listen to me
I don't know about the production anymore, about the
presumption of innocence I don't know how anymore
explain it and you don't understand it
but the intelligence thing? Yes, but of course
but that is obvious
Of course, yes, but economically, not good, no.
I know, I have no [ __ ] idea, the best
You have an inheritance from your great-great-grandmother.
what the [ __ ] is the money you have
for me to say I have another economic level
that you, I know if you are good
architect I don't think it is known not to be no
You have a very good business, you know.
Javi as a judge is above everyone
But what kind of guy are you more of a liar?
uploads to a channel at 5:30 in the
Tomorrow talk to a guy who has a thousand
subscribers
I'll play it has 3,000 or 4,000 no
I will play How much do you have, you have a thousand
something that if it were I would get on it anyway
eh yes I have to get on
but I'll play it doesn't have a thousand subscribers no
But what is your complaint what I am
understanding to correct me if I'm wrong no
What I am understanding is that
I feel like I'm in terrible shape
4,500 I will play because my attempt all or
be but what is what is
trying to have say is like that
I think I'm up to the point where
silver that has no relevance being
a famous person, I don't know, but now he puts me
like a celebrity because he has half a million
on the other channel I don't know for sure no
I understand, but apart from that, it's a lie.
what he is telling
draw your own conclusions
try to figure out a bit of what Javi did
there
time for my wife not to get up
at 6 but things that you don't
the important ones
like what is he doing there because but apart
Although my wife didn't have to
get up at 6 Although my wife doesn't
I had to get up at 6 because I'm
there because it comes out of my dick it is in
I will play live the same way I look
any of yours when I'm taking the
dog why can't I see him
but it is literal to have more or less
subscribers or more or less impact
prevents you from watching another channel that has few
followers
what nonsense that is
I have no idea about the numbers at all.
I take out for example if someone when
Someone told me Yes because it wasn't
important Yes because they do it very badly
your videos are [ __ ] [ __ ] and
Then I say to him, damn, don't look that way.
bad when I live from this and when
I have so many followers and when you know what
What do I tell you? There when I take out the number
but not to say that I am more right
that another or something like them
they want to imply
the hierarchy doesn't let you get together with or
It's not like I was the one who crashes, but
Uncle, but why are you lying?
It's not like there's touching in the chat
truth is not going to let me lie. I mean yes
If it were true, then I would say it. Well, look, like this.
I was pissed off and I was scratched and I
I became obsessed with you and stalked you
all uncle I have a job or so really
I mean, you can't even imagine that I think that
You are not aware of what I
I do it every day, okay, so I think I'm not
conscious uncle
I think I'm literally not aware
of what I do daily is worth it
Now there are many videos being released that
It is String content but for
example a video like this this video of
Raquel Mosquera This video was all the
[ __ ] Sunday from 4 o'clock in the morning
late or around that time when he is already coming back from eating
from four to five until two to three
the morning they gave me I don't know what time
I finished and went live right after.
At night I think I got like
1 to two is worth it, literally.
teles to the SEO
one two three four five six seven
Seven videos have been uploaded today on TV
gossip
which is news that I have had to
see and seven uncle Look yesterday one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven videos yesterday, that is, they are news that
I see them, I soak them up, I inform myself and
I'll comment on them later
knows
and the little one then also his live shows and
your things apart from the choros or rather
I'm literally there all [ __ ] day
picking up the children from school
Bringing it, I'll go to the room for a while.
play with him, I bring him, I bathe him a thousand times
things I do at the end of the day
I don't stop all [ __ ] day
but literally, eh, I mean literally, I don't stop at
all [ __ ] day
Why Because I have some aspirations and
I want to know what I'm telling you to get
things in life
Javi goes up to play since he is in the
chat and discuss together on this topic
with all my love, but just look at it
I still have 20 minutes left.
We have been reacting to this video for a
an hour and a quarter I think it's going to come out like
an excerpt again of two hours or something
And if I go up I'll play like that
I will play, it means something, can you send me something?
an audio on Instagram tells me and I
I put it you know
try to pull a little
what a proportionate amount of videos
contrasts that I certainly want
emphasize that I will not even touch you
the reason Javi
In what fatal or that is a channel
dedicated
Twitter account
That is, it has a lot of content but it is
What I'm telling you is not 100% the issue.
I understand what is what is
who is trying to argue with me there
that the channel does not try to standardize
What is the uncle about?
What is it about?
channel does not deal with the environment of the
Javi, look here's another video
about me that I don't know what will be
What are you trying to argue with me about?
looking only above the
Little star, okay, look, Javi.
Javi Javi
Don't stay Dallas Dallas Dallas Dallas
Javi estardeos
my fas
you the World whatever you want
I was involved in the debate with Agustín
through Dallas
And Javi
Dallas fan old the fan of
dala or literally everything
the laser channel is worse than no no
but let's see what is the point that is me
discussing mythomaniacs and has a
photo
mine and Dallas's or literally if not
It's Dalas, it's me.
But what is the discussion?
What is the point here that is not about
because if you don't know it will be late
on the stars
You are trying to tell me that you know
do something else
You're trying to tell me that you know
make other content
It happens in what you say and something else is
what can be seen the story began
with some pass in this literal guy
arannephobia began to answer
Twitter one step uncle before me
knew who the pass is, she already did it
I knew uncle
and he's telling me that they're not
recruiting and not going after them
channels that do not show these
But if I were them, this wouldn't work.
I would do it publicly, uncle
Even though I saw the videos because I
Everyone is interested in your criticism
Javi, what are you criticizing? I wouldn't do this.
publicly uncle
That is, he knew who Egun Pasa was before
I
in which it says more than three hours
having to endure a string of
insults from Javi oliveira
getting into groups that I'm not where
above all it agrees with what I say, so it is
level and in the final part I try
create Peace nor see it I think you are confused
And a lot but you will know later
answer to aracne friend of Lazer is
literally his way of creating content
straight out of Telecinco now I suppose
that will make me 50 videos for commenting on you
this tweet and this is how it coerces and
threat
This girl really gets into trouble
that one day he's going to catch me with a cable
crossed and
[Music]
coerce and threaten and after that
We went down four years. Well, when I've already
position I don't know how many you and I don't know how many
times in public
leave me alone or I don't know how many times
leave me alone okay or whatever if you want
comment on any content
My topic as a user is in your
straight but obsessively done and
coerce and things like that, be careful
children and that girl and her environment do not me
overcome when they are not aware of what
what I do or where they invite me are at
day to hug everyone who criticizes me
I know it left a mark But there is what
I'm saying this Twitch completely
There are sites that help you overcome
these things and then Arachne put this
tweet I would like you to be clear with
your audience about what you do in private
and why did you mention me in a video
less than a week ago
delegitimize another YouTuber too
I'm not going to talk about wings or again
What he said about my son is worth it
province is more supported than yours and
people jumped on you and you didn't
you had no choice but to delete the tweet
and then make a video admitting
how how how how how how how how how
as
It escapes my understanding, uncle.
I cannot understand my children
how long am I going to have to endure
This when laser found out about this he put
a tweet that was like three or four
times more supported than yours and the people
you were attacked by the laserle tweet
It was like four times and people were
threw on top
They live in an echo chamber of people
this one they have in their audience
in that laser video if they mess with your
Javi's children It wasn't about getting involved as such, it was
mention some children in a thing of
YouTube that doesn't have to be mentioned
And if I'm telling you that I don't
mention they don't have it mention I'm not going to
Bring up the topic because I'm going to get heated, okay?
But they don't have to mention a period or
you want to do a 4 live stream for me
hours are worth it to me. Don't mention anyone
minor
point So there is no more
and you had no choice but to erase
the tweet and then make a video
admitting that laser really doesn't work
had messed with your children
not for messing with the children or
nothing because he has put us with the
children okay but yes here I could have
accept badly and such I do not understand
YouTube has been doing this live for 4 hours.
talking about two minors at what time
I am putting here that they are
messing with them
man, they are very short and it is that
They invent a reality and make some twists
and they do things that they don't live in
another world and they speak another language
I'm getting warmed up things are not
As you are counting them, don't make me
I'm not going to bring up the topic of acne.
because in the end I'm going to get hot
also but you know what they were
saying in that live and there were four
hours and I stopped, stopped, stopped and continued and
I kept going and going, okay. I do have to
do four hours of live streaming to this
Well, I do 4 hours of live streaming.
He didn't bring in the father, he didn't bring in the girlfriend
which by the way the girlfriend could put in
because the bride is there all day
insulting me and I don't put it in out of respect
you know but I get involved with the father I don't get involved with
nobody
I'm getting pissed off and I
also eh if it is that entering the same uncle
and now I put a stranger in the video
because I get hot because on top of that you will be the one
bad you know they are special little people
They are special little people
You broke the truce just because the laser
I didn't think the same as you because nothing
you have to see the level
if you have nothing to do with the level
Now, seriously, I do not support it.
Martin
Listen to me, you come to the chat to talk about cars
contexts Dallas is the worst And
Javi dog from Dallas if it were without without
Auto context context
we're not even talking about Javi
you seriously used that clip
to tell the laser people to the
laser trackers that are not very
healthy
literally yes
literally the laser itself is on him
drawing attention because the laser is
talking about his daily life that has
gone in the morning to shop at Mercadona
and the people in the chat suddenly or rather
but literal or the comment in the
chat was Javi dog
literally he wasn't even talking about me or
criticizing me is not even related to it
that same day of the four hours
Obviously I'm saying that
You have an unhealthy audience.
I literally don't see you very fine either
in this video
Don't look too assertive in this
video nor either
So you are doubting
that you are doubting that I use
that click but if that clip Defines
perfectly
the four get
if it is literally
if the laser is telling you so
uncle, I mean they were literally talking
It was laser starting directly, eh, I mean
I was starting directly, I don't know if I was
talking about what he had done during the day
if he was there if he was here he is gone
I literally hadn't mentioned it yet.
laser my name I believe in the whole live
I was still starting the live and
a comment arrives in the Javi dog chat
Imagine that person in his house who
write that comment you think it is
a healthy person a normal person and
current
because I imagine a person with
straitjacket and with serious problems
and very severe
but very very very severe look at the clip
Martin
How can I find the clip if I don't have it?
erased
Let's see, let's look for this tweet.
That is, the guy doubts the guy with everyone
your balls doubt it to see this you and it is
order
it smells
I can't find it
beast order
Oh, I have it blocked.
to that user, wait and see
the one who has deleted tweet A
Let's see, let's look for another one
is that I have blocked everyone
girl positions
seriously you used it I have it blocked
but let's literally say that's what you
I'm saying he cut the clip, dude.
cut the clip the clip was that
literally reached you
to the laser chat And he said
Javi dog
that was the chat
it's the chat
This clip to tell people about
laser to laser followers that
they are not very healthy
Up Up
Up, up, up
We leave here the reaction that the laser
is going to go up
but it will be true Or it will be
is blocked
I pee I pee while I unlock
I pee
Ramón Today is the day
I think that if they don't call you a dog, you're there.
they would have given any other nickname
Simply if your best attack is that one no
the rest is worth seeing
It was a joke No, it's not going to go up No, I don't
Unlock
was it good or not
was byte
that does wait
look and the Play 5
Jiren and the Play 5
doesn't have your discord tag
elta from discord let's see if I say it Here it is
can from here no nothing happens Ah okay
I send it to acne
Give me a second, okay? I'll dedicate it.
it's my thing
let's see if this is it
Yes, it's worth it.
I want to feel your body with you because
application
you have to unblock me
Of course what will happen is that there will be
I didn't just delete the conversation
We also give the [ __ ] x, he gave her the
[ __ ] x
let's see the subject clearly It's that I just
I too will do the same
Javi I have to go to classes, leave the
direct summary please if you give it a like
right now the 1,300 people who are
if not no if not I put it for member
Host And now what do we do? Let's see, send me
yours to acne
[ __ ] what we do
eh [ __ ] what are we doing eh Let's see
earrings
Hello hello
What's up Son, put on your camera, don't you?
Thank goodness you want the camera. Wait for it.
I comb my hair
everyone to give it a like is a
It's a little dark because I'm about to leave
sleep
I'm a little dark
I'm ready to go to sleep. I'm already 10.
minutes
Well, let's see the little princess who was requested
wait, don't put so many requirements
wait damn it, I'm going to silence you
that going to sleep uncle
How can I do it?
patience this if you are stringlar is
broken cannot be
you can't see and my camera
I put the camera
Yes, I don't know if you can put it
Yes you can put it on
If you are using it in
Well, it doesn't matter that it doesn't matter
Man, it doesn't matter. Damn you, Javi, wait.
I have to be, I have to close
He opened it 4k from here, of course, okay. Wait.
That's it, it won't take long, it's just a second.
more is already come on Dale
Okay, and now how do I put it so that
be
the two
that's it, come on, okay, come on, okay
Good night
Wait, I've enlightened myself to see if it is
You better see, you're going to upload it to your channel, eh?
bastard
to my channel
I don't know, man.
What's up How are you
Come here scratching to see what content
What's up, like you've decided?
increase
I don't know, man, I was already a little tired.
of
live the same song every day, Uncle A
see tell me start
nothing dude I mean we hadn't we weren't
between has passed
but The truce The truce
We haven't insulted each other as far as I know.
No
for the topic of this wismichu
I hadn't mentioned you or anything.
We had said nothing, uncle, but you didn't either.
I'm not respectful and I haven't said anything bad, no.
whatever I said was that naughter
has unfollowed you because he has seen
there something disappointing
Something disappointing, I don't know, man, I mean
literally come on what do you want to start
about the wismichu issue you don't No neither
I have a lot of time, eh, let's clarify.
I just tell you okay I tell you no
I have, that is, I don't have any
need to mention you or anything
Okay, I mean, I don't care
mention you
Not my channel if you mean Dallas it
I understand why it's true, but Javi
it is only when
you're talking about me, so if you go to me, yes
You criticize me and such. Damn, man, great with him.
A super burned-out light bulb makes me nervous.
only if you mention me uncle if not me
you mention not today today look today in your
I have entered directly
today in your live at the beginning when
you were just starting out and you were saying that
Every time you enter one of my live shows
that you come in that it is true
Today I came in and you're here again
with me uncle But because you have uploaded a
video of me I'm reacting to a video
but well, it's nonsense
today in a video that I recorded from the Channel
main thing I have always mentioned to you
youtubers always don't care about me
What do I care? Is it the lack of respect or
when things like the other time happen
we didn't go no
but I'm talking about the other day, for example.
wismichu, that is, you are telling me that
you don't understand what the point of the
demand and that demand
They haven't given him a [ __ ] about anything
claims that were trying to
they will appreciate them
Let's see what I say, what I say is
I do not agree, that is, I am not
I agree that Wismichu has put
That demand And I've said that 20 times
I no longer agree and the same as
I told him the same thing I told him
privately that he got angry with me
Same thing I told him I said in
public that plan Look, I'm not in agreement
I agree with you, Wismichu, and this is it.
I had already said it a long time ago
I do not agree because Wismichu has
this has done this but then you look at yourself
and the [ __ ] that he throws at you
are important and I say are
important man, how are you doing?
piece of [ __ ], a good hunk of [ __ ]
henpecked is a bit XD but he has
strong insults which are strong
I'm a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ], Mongolian.
normal It wasn't eh monguer monguer mongolo
I mean, the insults were mean
There weren't many hypocritical liars
piece of [ __ ]
[ __ ]
that
within the content that is wismichu a
author doesn't seem super hardcore to me
It doesn't seem super hardcore to me.
seems
important but not super hardcore I don't
It seems like Wow you know I've already said it
I have asked myself several times what do you want?
I don't give a damn, you know the thing is, I don't give a damn
sweat or I care I'm not going to put on
like Oh guys don't insult no no the
That's not the issue, the issue is, damn, there's one
sentence and that is why insults can be
file a complaint and you will probably be
a package falls because nautter doesn't like it
a bigger package has fallen not because
the insults were not enough
serious but because it is considered that
wismichu as he is a character who
It is also controversial and also does this
type of things because it attenuates all the
Too bad it wasn't a big package either
There were 3000
how do they give you 3,000
They ask for 30,000 and they ask me for 60,000.
but they were what they considered to be
Those insults were 3,000 but by
wismichuchos how is it then 1500 but
3000 is not from here either but
Damn, the 3,000 euro fine for flames
for the insults that naughter has said
the people
Let's see, let's start from the basis that
you don't have to enjoy what you can
criticize Without insulting now if someone
He insults you. So yes. I mean, I have it.
Of course he is the bastard but as Wismichu no
I had mentioned to him where
he even had a tweet calling him a rat
As for example you have with me or another
crossing a couple of tuyos a couple of
Wismichu loses a mention in a video
I wouldn't have put it in fact but
exactly It seems that I am
defending insults to see them
Insults are nonsense. I don't get involved.
in a court for that reason I don't know if it is something
more serious you do not understand an explanation from me
of the sentence when I ask the
Naughter's lawyer the sentence and the
I read and explain it, you don't understand it
explanation is that they do it to
whitewash the image of Wismichu
clear or so but that has reduced everything
basic back But
Well in general in general if you
they have damaged the honor if for example if
Imagine that you and I are in the middle of a
fight suddenly calls me pedophile How
for example, Augustine's, Augustine's, by
example that told me abused
psychological I do not send my lawyer to
to watch all of Agustín's live shows
for two years to see if in a video I can make myself
two months he has called me stupid to see if
In another one he called me an idiot. But
That didn't hurt her, so I would go for him.
You know that Wismichu was not hurt by that
In 2018, Naughter in a video
I said, [ __ ], that in 2019 I said
foolish within all the insults
I also show it written the piece of
the sentence if you realize everything
you put the date of the video on everyone
title of the video and now it tells you
monguer bastard I don't know what words are
loose in quotes But there is a video
in which apart from the two insults and
and wonders if my client and what
asks if the plaintiff cannot
leave the country
you don't understand that that is the
evidently the video they wanted
that they caught him and that if they had
taken nothing more than nothing would have put
there in that video a piece of [ __ ] that
video would have been accepted but no
therefore but they would have put
You don't understand that about the title.
It's that I don't have to understand anything That's it
what you think would have happened
I understand what you're saying obviously.
we speak the same language you know but
Hence I believe that what you are
saying is what would have happened then
That's another story. I mean, you don't believe
that that is what that was the intention
which the intention was only
point that out
you call exclusively
all videos
the are little words all the videos are
words but that one precisely has that
phrase but but that's what you
you speculate okay imagine for a moment
that there was this intention you that
you see it wrong
let's see, I see it wrong in the sense that the
Justice is not for you to cleanse yourself
the image of your bottle shot That is the
Justice has to do with whether you put a
demand if you put but no it is not that it
you see bad or good laser to see if they have
1,500 euros is because the judge
considers and the prosecutor that this is not the case
you have to say that's it, I'm fine if they were
car and I would appeal it, that is, seeing the
their plan had the press I of
First I said I'll pay him the 1,500 and that's it.
I'll be careful next time but seeing
the thing that the press is watching and
I would resort to all that nonsense because they are
a resource
I don't think it has anything going forward. But yes.
I'm not telling you that I see it
good or bad, let me see what I'm doing.
saying is that he is insulted by
those who have condemned naughter in
reality nolando mess he doesn't put a
demand when nautreras that insulted him
He's fed up with people
is throwing in the face the issue of
bottle hit
I don't know why you want to deny something
so when he himself made a video
recognizing it I imagine it will be
face the brands or whatever and that nobody
I will tell you again if you have been able to have
background or not and that's what I wanted was
a headline these people are I explained to him
once they are lawyers of the media look
Now what you are doing tomorrow is up to me
net internet I'm sure you are
Speaking of naughter, they are lawyers.
They don't care about the media.
better or better, they do double double readings
always of the complaints and of the
demands you know that I also make
double readings you are doing what you
you make literal is a double reading
or triple for trying to find out the
real intention Of course because
is taking away the intention that another
person is doing this to you in a way
underlying the reading that a person sees
in this that you are not you or that you are a
internet person sees a youtuber has
announced another youtuber because he has
insulted end
I don't really see it that way.
I understand that you have your opinion, but to me
what it gave me also based on the years
that I have with these people is worth it
I mean, I see that you have yours
opinion
and I spoke about it the other day with Alazne no
you're going to mind me saying it, I think you
You're going to get a stick because you remind me
to Javi Lebato from 2018 not calm and to
You better take it with you
that you realize that tell me why
they give you a stick like they use you
that for example you have spoken things
and then take your audios and send them to them
to other people when they no longer care
You dance the water, it's your thing, I see that.
This can probably happen to me with
any guy
Well, but it could happen to me, I mean.
What I want is for him to tell you that he can
happen with anyone. So I
give a warning Well, okay, yes
Ok, thanks for the advice Javi, but
any relationship you make for good
Any relationship you make today
They can screw you, you know, I don't know.
For now I'll tell you with the only one
person who spoke about Team Miare who
You like to mention so much Wait wait
There is a sentence that literally
mentions the team as existing
with the mother they also follow you no
I have been following Antonia for a long time.
two years maybe and in November I don't
agreement from last year because it is called me
He returned the follow but it was two years ago or
I followed her for a year now and because I believe
that suddenly these people follow you
Obviously
What follows me is that let's see. Obviously that
Antonio follows me because I have talked about
Dallas or I have talked about you obviously
you just need to be a nuclear physicist
obviously then well that's your problem
with my opinion
man your opinion is that you say that
recruit
I mean, recruit, that's what recruited me.
recruited what else then the
result If you are going to leave or not
you're going to leave But
you think that you think I, for example, I
I think you
notes I refuse to think that you don't
you understand the sentence just as I do
It's about understanding, let's see, I think that
you what you do because you see yourself in it
commitment because you are in
if I have said if I have said the same
If the issue is not the problem, it is
You interpret that it is super bad that
want to clean up their image And I
I interpret that it is not bad that someone
want to clean up your image man but
see clean up your image but don't deny
things that are not real but here it is
Who is denying what? Let's see, for example.
in the case of naya
Well, it doesn't sound familiar, there were already others.
intentions with that demand that have not
let Anaya tell it well but in
In my case, for example, I believe that there is
other intentions evidently already
I will be able to explain well, I don't know if even
I might have told you something but I think there is
other intentions that are not videos
those who offended her and in this case I
I think clearly, so let's see.
They are selling like Oh the insults the
who live off insults and it's like but
Guys, if it's the same sentence, it's you.
saying that the defendant does the same
or worse with collectives
when I see you in the when I see you in the
in the reacting To the only video that
you uploaded the topic that was the thread that
almost gave you an orgasm with the thread
wismichu yes
literally if literally it is that in
the thread was mixing was the
mixing apple with peaches I don't know
he doesn't know what he puts so that it can be done
say things you don't know that I don't understand
That is, what is going to be created is
jurisprudence I think it's very XD I think
that what I wanted to say in the video
because I don't either because I don't know either
of laws uncle I read that and what the [ __ ] do I know
whether you were going to have access to jurisprudence or not
I think, I say what I think is yes
that a precedent can be set in this regard
with themes of youtubers no
that people think twice before
to say certain things as a precedent
not as president of jurisprudence
but as a precedent of de la peña no
doing whatever he wants in
The Internet seems to me to be less than legal.
the president It makes me very
grace because this type of demand is
literally, there is a demand for a demand
by right to honor for this type of
expressions this has existed for 30 years
40 years since the existence of the press
heart Save me or that is exactly it
I have read thousands of this sentence.
That's why I already more or less know how they work.
that is, literally the precedent
precisely what could be created with
This is that if you are a person who
you dedicate your right to honor to insult
is not the same as a person who does not
that is the present So that
Precisely the first thing that the
jurisprudence I understand that it is
They believe when the sentence is firm or
are they in audience or are they in Yes yes but it is
I don't argue with you that I don't know what
balls wismichu starts talking about
things that don't know that thread because it puts
I just don't understand what the hell it's for.
You say something that you don't know 100% But it is
What do I know? That's a butterfly.
total what they do that thread because it says
No, no, look, this is the first one.
first domino piece and it hasn't
sued anyone, that is, literally
I know there is something else out there that is another
different topic that is not about honor but
He has not demanded anyone else, that is to say,
first domino piece and it's like you haven't
wanted to catch router head of
Turkish to see if the puzzle worked out for you and
put in the headline that no one else has
I make a decision if you could not have
may have had a history but what
That seems bad. For example
Do you think it's wrong that Wismichu wants to?
that people do not say that they have
criminal record when perhaps not
he has them or when he has us he says that
has us
You would like someone to say that
you have a criminal record
Let's see if I've had them, I don't have them, I don't have them
Let's see, you can delete it when it expires.
you understand me you can delete it when
expire but if someone is asking me
saying that I have a criminal record
and I neither have them nor have I had them, I go and
I denounce the one who is saying it no.
that's what he's done no no no he's not here
denouncing naughter in truth
Well wait reported because also
he hinted at it
no no one thing is that as if you have
you said that's why
The claim is for insult but it gets through to you
the little phrase in the video for later
use
for interference in the right to the right to
honor and insults and phrases
insulting as insinuating that you have
criminal record criminal record may
affect a person's honor Then
if you yourself would report a person
because it is implying that you have
criminal record I don't understand Where
There is the problem that wismichu another
person that's why you report the one who does it
hints at whether you could have had it or not
You can Or maybe that's why you can't go
to Andorra and you don't report the person who sent it to you
is saying that, let's see, you know that I
I would have preferred 8 billion
times that I reported Dallas to see but
that is not my profession
neither good nor bad, simply that we have
caught with the ice cream cart or
whether it is good or bad Well then
It may be right or wrong to try
clean up your image of that issue
we've caught it and now you're going to mark a
thread in which you put auron and Beijing or
be like saying Either me or you
you had normal if you saw it normal because
You applauded that in the thread it is put
insinuate youtuber you no longer have to give it
interviews these people out of fear that
You can now report it thanks to me if that happens
it was regrettable
a bit like an epic novel but it was
handsome the truth no no literally that
He is even putting in Ardalas
in a complaint that has nothing to do with
true because good
He didn't tell me anything, wings. There we go.
mentioning you give interviews
referring to Auron giving me one
interview with me Virginia Dallas I guess
His obsession is that people don't think
that Bigim has apologized to Dalas from
heart and that is why he has it
coerced, threatened or otherwise
something like that
It could be me, what do I know? I'm already giving it to him.
I believe everything you know
So you from Dallas want it all but
everything everything that Dalas says No now it
that what someone can tell me about
nothing I already do
So you believe what wismichu says
not that if billing has given him the
sorry it's not for no no no no I don't
I don't believe anything that wismichu says because
I say it wismichu, I'm just going to see this.
It's an important point, I don't believe it.
nothing that my area says or says
Wismichu says his mother because she tells me
or whatever they say, wherever they say it
Okay, no, I'm a patch, I'm prone to
believe anything that is against me
from what Dallas has previously said
because Dallas has shown me that it has
said so many things that are not true
which I tend to think will continue to be
the things that each thing has said are false
I think that you have to do everything
examine independently of the other
you for example here Yes of course that video
you are invented by the [ __ ] face that
me at 5 in the morning
then it is literally a lie How do you
It was 5 in the morning when I was here
It is literally a lie you have said in your
video that I at 5 in the morning instead
As soon as I went to bed I got into a live show
of a thousand subscribers to debate with
laughter
Okay, I expressed myself badly there, don't you?
you debated with laughter and went live
because you were
I mean no no no I mean I lied But no
My intention was not to say that you were
There to debate with laughter, there you were
I don't know why I was there, the truth is I think
you were in fact I say it in fact yes
you look at the extract I really mean was
there to defend I don't know what it is
I mean literally that you went up
laughter But that's not true you uploaded it
exclusively for laughs you went up to
defend I don't know what point from the haters
Okay, and I was listening to the live show.
I'll play, I'll play, he told me, come up for 10 minutes
on call and I was doing what I was doing
time to wait for it to be at 6 me
I got on and the other one got intense
laughter that wanted to go up And went up five
minutes I don't know It still seems like it to me
queer
and I don't consider you to always lie
I see everything you say, nothing but
but one thing is that one thing is that one
The thing is that there in the clip is this
I have also said many times uncle
you can't ask him you can't
tell streamers they exist
four hours talking and what they do and what they do
be perfect in your way of
communicating all the time is impossible AND
That doesn't mean that they start or that
be polite You know why it gets away from you
and at that moment I didn't want to say
explicitly that you uploaded for laughs
but Hello It's morning
[Music]
Hopefully there was a donation
Well, the thing is that you are at 5
in the morning and it seems to me
strange but well that obviously you can
I also don't understand. So,
I am at 5 in the morning in a
I'll play live, it's strange, yes
I literally have that schedule. I mean
yes but in a live performance it is
you always went to the live shows to play
I don't always go because this is what I usually do.
be recording news at that time but
I was talking about myself, I was interested in the
topic and was killing time but
I was recruiting. I mean, you have 300.
spectators and I am often
taking the dog out and you're the one who's
Now, if you are talking about any topic
My Dallas friend is usually
but it might seem that it was
recruiting for example no but for what
I'm going to recruit if I defend myself alone
No, I'm not going. I'm a person who is in
against the channels of gossip and
I usually gossip and I always talk
Salseo disease because they are ticks
I don't know what And suddenly there is one that says
green of anything to me but what
I'm explaining something silly to you because
you yourself know it, that is, you know that you
they continue for that reason
exactly
it starts, imagine a fight again
suddenly like last year
no that He returned last year to see again
a fight with Dalas and wismichu because
the second video of wismichu came out and
soon I think there will be another one
Ok, if not this year, it's next year.
there will be another one for sure
If that fight comes out and you consider that
Dalas is right, Sernet sent you
a message in ige check it later
With patient, you will stop following each other.
my followers
Let's see, I also tell you, I wish Dale had
the reason in something just to prove that
I can give it to you, the thing is that I don't
you know if you have given it or literally
the first time we discussed what it was
when we get that message out that you
you sent to Dallas you had written to him
to tell Dalas that I have given you the
reason in a video
I love you XD they are going to send me all the
superchaos now for example the thing about
which is for example you he considered
that he was right
I think you got heated up because of what
The message is eh To me the message is the
message bothered me at the time
a very personal, very resentful subject and now
you're hot No no no
I've warmed up since 2022 to me
Well, not at the end of 2021.
I really like the message thing.
seeing bothered me at the time because it is
uncomfortable at the moment but then and
Sometimes an innocuous message actually makes me
they sweat their balls for that message
It's like you told him Dalas
as if from then on you had it made
taken as very bad by personalists like
very Striped or maybe because you think
what the [ __ ] let's see the [ __ ] shitty camera
Maybe because you think you're going to
lose audience or that only you
audience demands that you insult or
You criticize Dalas and you think that if you
you take his side, for example
now now for example I understand
Why didn't you criticize? And why not?
you talked about the topic when
when Dallas's ex-girlfriend was Antenna
3 talk or rather because the other day I already did
you said no that you think that when you
They have filed a complaint of violence against
Gender is for a reason, not because I think
that if a person files a complaint
gender violence regardless
Maria wants my cousin from the town or
Juliana of Yugoslavia I think that
person believes that at least
want some reason to put it I mean
I find it hard to believe that it is simply
because as you paint it no because
she's crazy because I don't know what honestly
I don't think so. Well, you didn't say it, but
well it can be done it can be done
I need that to come out of me
mouth already careful Okay
you have seen the complaint
the complaints
the reasons why she considers
abuse, so what is it about?
speaks in the complaint for example I every
every time a case of violence comes out
gender
I look to see, for example, what it is
that is being reported not in the case of
rociíto she demanded that she considered
gender violence that during I don't know
how many years your ex-husband talks in
her television and then the judges
They say no, ma'am. This is not violence.
of gender this is the right to honor go
you for civil purposes for example in the
case in the case of the ex-girlfriends of
Dallas is the one who files the lawsuits
complaints you know what they are
reasons What are the episodes
alleged episodes of violence
gender
Tell me what they are
an extensive one, I don't know if you are informed on the subject
You have never spoken about the subject. It's that
to give an opinion about not forgiving or
not even for anything, that is, not to give a
I don't have to inform myself about my opinion because
You are criticizing me for not talking about
Well, look, don't talk about that because it is
that this topic has not informed me but yes
To me, a girl says, "Go on."
even tele or file complaints and such.
I imagine that to see could I can in my
head there may be a human being who
is so crazy to do that out of pure
lie but normally I will think that something
there will be something in his head that will work
thinking at least she has
I have never been through clear abuse.
insinuated that I'm already crazy or anything
the style no but of course a person who
what you say or what people think is
reporting because he feels like it
balls because it's bad, man
obviously she is not a green person
He denounces that when Dalas makes a video
of
But of course I haven't seen the
complaint of gender violence no but
I, from what I have been picking up from the
years dealing with the subject
according to Dallas in the videos he made of
when he is supposed to have reported her for
false report No
He shows the complaint he has filed against him
and according to him what she was reporting were
some tweets that belonged to an account
that was raptured the review script under Yes
you remember that no more or less but
What do you say that they put things
false in the second complaint to those
things he put and no one came out to discuss it
but I find it hard to believe that
someone is crazy enough to go to
a court and a trial, that is to say
false evidence I don't know It's hard for me
believe that man I don't know call me I'll tell you
I don't, I don't sign, but man, I
I would like her to
clarify once and for all what the abuse is or
what is the basis for the abuse
Because Dallas Dallas what counts is a
tweet from an account called @dalas
a photoshopped photo that was
Rolando over there and I don't remember Oh what
there was what had abandoned him with the
car in a roundabout when Dalas nor
He doesn't even have a license, he's getting it.
Now then I would like her to
I would say which one is not for me to believe it or not
believe it No but for now until the
moment
I think he's even had opportunities
to appeal more times if you have not done so
I don't know, I'll tell you if one comes out.
pavarrando Well what I know is that
I don't know what to tell you anymore with Amber Hart
is that I had a similar position in
plan I know, that is, Amber is still
worse because it was a little more
lying down, not that she [ __ ] the bed and everything
the roll is a little more difficult to put but
I don't know, man. I think that one
person who files a complaint for
gender violence at least in its
head will at least believe that it has been that
has been that she active
She thinks that being criticized is
clear abuse, or rather that's what she means
considers that what they have done to her
It is abuse and it is not abuse, it is the
right to honor which by the way
lost too but then you when
You say for some reason you mean that in your
head she is convinced that it is
A battered woman Well apart from that
I think there must be something, okay, I don't know, that is.
apart from that I think there will be something
palpable apart obviously it is for that reason or
whether you think there is abuse or not
No, I'm not saying there's abuse, I'm saying
that at least she will base it on something not
that she dreamed one day that you know that
they farted near his ear you know
So you understand now why I
I said it for a reason
when Dalas you say it for something then
now you understand it, right? Well, it's the same.
because there is a complaint
filed in the Yucatan case
Well, yes.
They want him to be a harasser of women
Well, they should file a complaint and
then maybe I'll say well
Man, if they have reported her for something
in the case of 8 large
In the case of 8, they have reported the god
to understand that Ah okay Yes yes but I want
To say one thing is that I know, well
when I think it is wrong that you mix the
Yucatan theme what I said with
Yucatan with what I said about 8 and now
Let's go there because
when I said when Dalas says it by
something you threw at me there was
with 8
Well now I don't believe in that, let's see.
I have told you about them here because
I thought you were referring to that, now you don't.
I remember what I said when you
You mentioned the 8 thing. The truth is that
I don't think I even talked about it because
in fact he has been able to do so or recently and
I think the 8 thing was last year with
coinciding with the Dallas strike
hannaher and there I said I think that
When Dalas says it, it will be for a reason and
You painted it as if I did.
I wished because Dalas is very intelligent
and then you actually did say that
because I used the word smart in
another moment of the video and you said look
Look, Javi says that when Dalas says it
for something
what it means for something now
Do you understand? No, no. Yes, I understand it for some reason.
The problem is always whether Dalas says it
for something but one thing is that I know one
I just don't know how to tell you, dude, you get it.
Explain yourself, that is, wings said it was
a v8 you know is not a minor thing
You know
the abuser is not a thing either
minor
exactly but it's that I don't I don't
I'm not saying any of that, I'm telling you
saying that you said that Dalas
V had called for something
that when he says it it will be because I want to
To think that there will be a reason was my phrase
exact I think
Okay
It could be something like that for something, according to me.
Could it be that someone has come and made her?
taught things and he is convinced it is worth it
And you think it's normal, or rather, since you
sometimes you also don't use the terms
Does it seem normal to you? The question is
Does it seem normal to you that a streamer
like Dalas
tell another person he is a rapist in a
straight
I mean, it seems to you that I normally wouldn't do it.
but it's your problem, not mine then
Doesn't it seem normal to you? I personally don't.
I would do it now if you if you are
completely convinced of what you are
saying you have it well tied up so that
Don't report me because it's a problem.
So far I don't think they have.
denounced
I don't know. It doesn't seem normal to me.
it seems to me
very out of place very shitty
someone already within the point that I I
let's see, it's a problem, I mean, you know
What I'm telling you is not about anything.
It can't be normal or normal for me.
someone
like the ass and that I take here me
I found out something big about him and
Good luck because I have him tied up. And if he wants
that he should report me no but here the point is
that what I said was
I didn't say like you
you interpreted if Dalas says it has
that it must be true because my dala says so
So he is very smart and never
What I said was wrong, let's see, I want
to think that when he says it, it is for a reason
has been through a lot and is in fact
I said something like he's been through a
very strong thing you know what it feels like and
You have reduced it to when it gives
He says it because it is true and Dalas has
suffered more Let's see what I'm saying
that when he is saying it I want
to think that there will be a reason for that reason
You may be mistaken because
example I don't know, I'm telling you it is
that I don't see it, I see it very
boil of the pot and
It seems to me that I should not have my opinion
My opinion seems to me that it is not known
should somehow say if he
He does it for that reason, it must be for a reason, I think.
a little way to whiten the
Dallas attitude and Super irresponsible
facing the public but well that's it
I say that it's been a long time since that
You know so neither
I don't want to blame you now either.
so then it was one of the topics
that we have pending But then you have
understood So for something finally
no but for some reason why because I
you compare with what is in my area
Of course if you use it for something I
I understand that then you understand when it
I say no, I'm not giving it veracity
But if you told me I don't know who has
reported to 8 okay I guess it will be ex
girlfriend no
and I say I guess if the ex girlfriend
girlfriend has reported him because I suppose that
There must be something, right? Or it must be because of what I said.
Exactly, it's not the same, there must be something
It must be for a reason. It's just that you know what
It happens that you were not saying yes there
8's ex-girlfriend has reported him for
something will be
Of course you said it, that's what you said, yes.
Dalas has said it
that will be for something exact it is not the same
if you had said if 8's ex-girlfriend
has reported that it is something there will be
for some reason I wouldn't have told you anything
would have said
you would see it better
I still see it, or rather, I see it worse in that
If not, you won't see that either, I can't.
think what I want but I see
still or so you are what I
accused and it was that I was giving him
veracity to what Dallas said, that is
I still see the truth in what he said
If the girlfriend has reported her, it is for a reason.
What to say I want to think that if Dalas did it
He said it must be for a reason, not because Dallas
I wasn't saying what I was saying
saying Dallas is that he was a rapist
At that time no one knew that there was a
complaint that no one knew anything, that is, it came out
Dallas out of nowhere and said
It's a very careful V
out of nowhere there were no complaints nothing
there was nothing equally to see that he
he's calling rapist is he is he the one
that has to know something, have something
have seen something or whatever but they are
many that is a lot to assume is not it
same as telling me your problem Then
how but it is a problem or so I am what
I said, well, what I said was
I want to think that when he said it
It will be for some reason, I don't know then
because of course what I'm telling you is there or that is
the fact that I tell him I want to think
that if he is saying it it is for a reason
It has to be true, maybe for him
They have deceived him, maybe he has been deceived
maybe shown some false evidence
It may be you know but I want to think
that when he is saying it because
We are convinced because they will be known
What I'm telling you is very simple.
period No you don't understand Yes you understand
Because I will combine for example if it
You understand because every day she is herself
And she is the one who has reported it. Then
I say, well, if my mother has done it,
something will be because it has already been done
we can feasibly say it
We can say, I'll look, he's done it, I'll go to you.
to give another example to see if that way I
you understand
if my mother's mother calls
Dallas abuser who does it in the
tweets
You think that if my mother's mother
He calls them abusers for a reason
This is an example that I don't know what
tell you why it is that right now for
My mother and I are like the same
entity Do you know why they are so associated?
that I know I already think they are a
same person, same human being not
I knew how to say and they are so close together in the
processes that I can't tell you know
another stranger I'll put another one on you if one
Miare's friend says that Dalas is a
abuser you would say if you say it is because
something if a friend of my friend tells her
that
let's see
If a friend is clear it is that she is
a lot this is a lot to assume okay but
there would have to be some circumstances
similar for example that now came out
Now everything would be new and I would say it and such
Well, in that case, out of nowhere I would say such a thing
such is an abuser out of nowhere you tell him
I say now
Well, it would seem bad to me, yes
Yes but but if I'm not at the point
whether I think it is good or bad that Dalas
I say it or rather I wouldn't have done it
I said from the first moment what I
I'm trying to make you understand is the
The criticism you made of me was indeed
that I was giving credence to the
Dalas' words is that you were
doing in a certain way you have not
understood no then you're not going to do it
understand is that it seems to me that if you
You say there must be a reason why some
There will be sustenance, no no no There will be a reason for it, no
It means there will be some sustenance, that is,
something will be that he is convinced But
He may have been shown proof
false or he may consider that what
They have taught him it is a crime and then in
Cuban is a crime, okay, okay
Well, yes, let's see, neither, that is, I think
that you are not going to make me change
opinion on this topic is that I think that
Here is a point of biases of how you
you perceive Dalas and how I perceive
Dallas then
We are going to agree on this
because you're going to say that you say it no
it's about giving it
It's about anyone who says it, then
He will say it for a reason, no, not because he doesn't want to.
say that I say that it is not Or that I am him
I am giving veracity is what I am not
You understand, don't you Javi? Because you yourself in a
clip you say it depends on who tells me there
people I trust
and such. Of course, of course, that's why I'm telling you.
If acne comes to me and tells me that
to whom I don't know who has committed a crime
I'm going to maybe not get me wet
say it publicly as he has done
Dallas but I would put my hand on the
fire For her I am very surely Clear
but I wouldn't put my hand in the fire for it
Dallas but if it is not that you put
my hand in the fire to give it. Me neither.
I would put it but in that case without giving it to him
truthfulness to what he is saying
based on the fact that he has been through
experience
bad when they have accused her for example
As a pedophile I want to think that when
dare to make such a statement
has to grab
I don't know, I think that no one has to be a
kamikaze who doesn't care that
Don't report it, but that's what I'm telling you.
It's a problem of bias here is a
problem that I don't trust Dallas and
Therefore everything that comes from your
word
No, I don't take it seriously, but it is true.
no it's no it's that you're not going to understand it no
That is to say, the point is not that you
whether you believe it or not, what is happening to him
saying the point is what I am
saying Yo Noel but let's see if parts of
the basis that someone does not imagine that
You don't have to divide it for me, it's worth it
Imagine that I accuse someone
It's about credibility, no, no.
you're understanding it How come I don't know
It's about credibility Javi I don't know
It's about credibility because it's not
we are talking about whether it is real or not O
I have never said if it is true.
Dallas says I'm convinced it is
true what I said was if he says it
Dallas knows how crime works
of slander is worth it I want to think that it
will have grabbed you want to think you want
trust you want to have confidence have faith
In that person that's what I say Okay
Well, that is having, that is believing that you have
credibility that person have faith in that
person is that he has credibility
word
It's not literally the same thing, but it's the same thing.
How come Javi please it's the same
I want to think that he will be saying it for
something now well
Can you take me and show me some?
screenshots that are fake
They can come to me, they can come to me, or
I want to think that he has
made sure that what he is saying is
has grabbed But why because
You think that because if not, if not, it is that
you're an idiot because you trust him
somehow no Yes of course because it has
some kind of credibility for you
Well yes but I'm not but I'm not
giving veracity to what he is
saying
okay okay
Ok
What other example is the other, the other God?
I gave an example that you are not going to do it
understand it doesn't matter we're going to spend another one
point the presumption of innocence that I
You also said in the video that I follow
without being right about that, no, I'll see, let's see
what touching feces says If a person
with your own and you say if you put one
an example if I see someone who
He beats his wife and and and they have
such a trial and that woman loses and you
have you seen you can say no no that guy
He is an abuser because you have seen him
with your own eyes no
Even if you have lost a trial, you skip it.
the presumption of innocence by the
balls let's see wait presumption of no
essential No, it is not what you define
as a person being innocence because you
You're telling me a judgment, you understand?
So that is no longer an expression of
innocence presumption of innocence is a
rule that judges have to follow
Yes yes yes before condemning yes although the
judge believes that someone is guilty
The judge cannot blame you because he believes
that it is fault
the judge you have to have has to have
something to put in the sentence that says
Is that what this proves? This then
Innocence is always stretched
It is assumed that innocent is better than guilty
unless it can be approved in a manner
irrefutable something of weight so that for
yes yes but then obviously if you
you see it If you have seen with your own
eyes what has happened does not matter what
the tests say if you have seen it no
Okay
The issue is that with the Yucatan issue
you literally say if you ask me
and I skipping the presumption of
innocence you say it skipping my
presumption of God passing it through me
ass or [ __ ] me I think
that that boy has indeed harassed
sexually to a friend derdala there will be
showed his [ __ ] or asked for a photo
free
but you know what happens?
I knew he was going to tell me that because that
that you that that that that clip by by
It's true that you mix it with the 8
You put me the video that I say
It seems to me that they put the piece of the
Star Wars video and then they put me the
From El de Yucatán what I say about
Yucatan is now after I don't know how many
videos of you criticizing me about
the presumption of innocence because I put
a but yes yes it is in the reaction that
I'm taking some steps
but that was the first one no
You know, after I don't know how many videos
What have you done to me for the video of
I'm being that I am in the video of
you're thinking well that in fact when you
From the Estardeos video you were already telling me
criticizing him for presuming
innocence and now then in the video of
I say yes because although
We must always have as our flag the
presumption of innocence but And then
then he says, Oh, don't tell me there's something there
a but don't tell me there is a but and
you or you put today but as a camper
As a countryman, of course, having a dog
No no because I think that Yucatan is where I say
I think that a pass doesn't give you the clip of
Yopacan's reaction gives you the clip
where you made an edited video in the
that you were talking about that is that I can't
Putting the Yucatan thing is a step I don't take it
you can put because it does not exist yet or
whether it is a pass or something like that in Yucatan
I say it when I'm already fed up
[ __ ] that you have taken out of me a thousand times
times and I say you want me to skip the
production of innocence because if I
You're really asking my opinion
I think that when they said it because
This one has written a message to I don't know
Who are we going to say, I'll tell you by name.
I mean, I think that when he said it, it's
because surely the Yucatan would have
written akuma asking for photos or something
that thing
I think I think I can't tell you now
confirm 100%, but my memory If not
I can't remember what you said
I'll let you have your presumption through the lining
damn that was a reaction
that you made of I don't know what that I saw it
on my channel and I think that's when it was
when the degun happens but well the subject
is that damn you in that clip in the one of
Yucatan literally you assume that you
you pass the perception through the lining
of the balls yes you say it Yes but that
That's after you've been, I don't know.
how many videos criticizing me, I mean no more
You are criticizing me about the
pronunciation innocence I think that
because I had said that when Dalas
You say that for a reason
scale is not that now obviously now
I can't find it for you and I don't even know where
this
I kissed a lot of things but I didn't
I know everything by heart and there I dance a
little because it literally dries up
I know what he mentions in his
video that is a newscast of yours I think
is that you have edited because I know that the
do you have a camera?
It works with some weird fps at that time
video I don't know why it's the video of
I'm telling you that's nonsense.
be the timeline is already me
You were criticizing about the
presumption of innocence since the 8th
when I make the chardeos video This
that I made in 45 minutes
That's where I say don't stay
presumption of innocence But there well
But how is he going to put a hair on it?
presumption of innocence cannot have
but there you get me 800 videos where
You haven't understood the but And then
After I don't know how many videos I create
which was my three-hour reaction
reacting to something that happens to me
They pamea the video I think it was the
Same with multi account but here we go
when I say You want me to skip it
really Well look that in your way no
is to skip it or rather because I'm not
They can sue for saying, well, look if
You really ask me. I think that
when he is saying it because this one
he will have sent a message or something
I'm not even claiming that I have
In fact, they couldn't even sue me.
way I say it or rather I have a lot
be careful about the demands that have been placed on me
but the point is still valid
Even if a person has not been
condemned
There are situations in which there are people
that you can call someone
abuser rapist
Do you understand me? If I don't understand?
perfectly I in the only context in
He who does not see it is not that he does not see it
legal you know No, I don't at any time
I said, Oh, what a mess, no, I'm not talking to you.
I'm telling you it's illegal
saying that it's at least a little ugly
It's a little ugly that you tell him
that kid that came out of nowhere that
It's a random from the internet that has to
they don't know their grandmother
No no, I think he did ask her.
They wanted to be a friend's [ __ ]. I mean
I said it when you have me up to my neck
the [ __ ] but ok well I'm that
I didn't even react to what you said
of what you say about your edited video
I didn't even react to that. I did it.
The only thing that relates is when you say
the thing about the thing about the [ __ ] but like
that
[Music]
No no yes but sometimes I reacted but
someone passes or reacts to the video of
some pass in which I was talking about
that video but I don't like that video of yours
I had related I had reacted to
the other thing about the [ __ ] and I understood it
ok but in fact in the video of a
you react to the part of the But and there
says Oh Ah yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
but I was skipping none
presumption of innocence or anything like that
I was saying it was like it is Claro
but I had already seen the other clip no
There was the other click that yes Javi that yes
100% I mean I know because I told him I told him
egun in a because you have put this clip
instead of putting the other clip that is
where I think he messes up
Damn I swear I mean I told him okay
because you put that clip, let's see if
existed is that it did not exist Look look at it
we see very quickly okay
we are talking about you doing this
in laser x vale
Well, stop to find that video
I need to know, let's see. Give it a go, let's see.
It's been a matter of a month, let's see.
we are talking about videos there
We are talking about a month ago or so
Look, I've already passed it for example
we are talking about you have not passed you
you have passed safely not under
I get very angry with the Play router.
Heisen World we are not going up anymore
up another video of neutral in the
that we disagree every time
critics agree with him, he knows it, uncle
I also don't agree with what has
done now eh the video that has been made of the
world of the world cup
who
I don't agree but oh well
Since I'm so random, I don't know, honestly.
with the definition much higher up
Uncle, you've been very down, wait
I'll see
very far down
It's that maybe I don't even have it uploaded, eh?
Javi, there are many things, look, this is it.
a very harsh criticism Javi this This
Okay, look, this is the reaction of a passerby.
Okay, here you are reacting sometime.
Come on, okay, let's see the but part.
wait to see if it is in this first one
part
or in the second
It's going to be in the second one, wait how you
you know that bastard
with the ass you have given us so as not to
know it
I mean, I don't know what video this is.
let's save our lives transcription
a lot of footage because we put a but
the but that is definitive it is true but
it is final
there are many hairs
better presumption
innocence
No
even if you say that it is that one, it will be that one
But I'm telling you, maybe not.
is uploaded
What you criticized me for a lot is that it has not
uploaded the naughter thing is that I don't even upload
70% of what I do
Javi defends the indefensible Perhaps it is
I also have a video called
So
let's see
is that there are 45 But you know then Well
but the date doesn't matter Four years ago
weeks exactly on October 18
ok here look I found it I found it
found
His name is Javi Oliveira and he defends what
indefensible
I tell you what the miniature is like on another level
put and we are going to give ok
and it is at minute 17:25 approximately
that I put there Here reacting to the
video of a pass
That is, this is October 23, 10 days
after
My look can come
the reaction to that I am reacting to or
be that but I didn't do it anyway
reaction the other Eh yes yes this is the one
another one is this Here is your reacting
But the point is not to deviate too much
Okay, look, of course, now get to work.
search this here the point is worth a
week before days before the point of
that you were criticizing me about
the presumption of innocence when what
I was saying
and then a week later you already had me
up to the [ __ ] I said look wants me
I really jumped it because of what I think of it
Yucatan is this because of course all the
networks I don't know what seemed very strange to me
No, of course, but the question is that's it.
previous you think
It's later It's that I I Well I think
no but oh well
I think I remember telling him that
I told Egun why did you put the clip
from that video when really where Javi
the [ __ ] is in the clip of
who spends it on the Forum of the
balls not in that Claro
because I'm reacting to a video of a
laser passes or rather I don't know man I think that
When I said that the first thing I asked for
You talking about that, I at least was saying
I don't give a damn about it
I don't know what Bla
Blanes Look, he sent me audio of the guy
mistreating her
impossible to find the time is a
madness you understand Although a person or
a person can call a rapist
another one if it has support Ah not for the face
That is to say, he cannot invent it if he has it
where to hold on
A person can call another person a rapist
Even if that person has been
There are cases that I will touch on, that's why
gives the reason there are cases in which a
person has been able to come out innocent from a
trial for abuse and that there are people
that they continue calling him an abuser because
have lived it
If I don't deny it, man, but it is
you denied in the debate with I will play in the
debate with tocaré you said something like
In the debate with I will touch on this topic
you said because touching me was
defending and you attacked her and you said
to touch him you said something like but
Let's see what logic there is in that if one
person has been found innocent in a trial
is there anyone who has proof or who is
witness if he had been a witness of
truth would have gone at the time
the trial Let's see no that is not a no it is not
Bad logic indeed. But I understand.
that can happen you know but yes it is
It must be something marginal, right? How much
It is a percentage, not a number of people.
That is the clearest example for example
I don't know if I've heard that she gives a
a lot of times because he is a kid who
collaborate with me, interested in SEO
Julian Contreras Julian is the son of
Carmina Ordóñez you know who she is You see her
the story that his mother reported that
the whole thing yes the person who got married
with his mother he went out to release and the three
children have been saying all their lives that
I have witnessed that it is a
abuser and who abused my mother and
That man has always denounced them and
He took it, which I agree with.
that but what you said is if Dalas
You say it, you don't even dress like yourself
have you seen the conversation he has
Dallas and you are not Dallas either to know
what the other person has told you, you
you base it on what Dalas says, not you, you
you base on what Dalas says that Dalas
They have sent him that he is already the one
phone is cracked by two you know already
It's not what they told you, it's that it is
What they told him is that I don't know
why don't you understand it because what you
You're telling me it's like I'm the one
that the rapist has said based on what
Dallas said no but I don't
I have criticized that you are not that you are
committing a crime or anything and I'm
saying that it is ugly that with the
assumption that Dallas has been told
something you say that he or that he has
asked him to show him his [ __ ] you know that
Ah well, with the Yucatan thing, let's see the topic.
It has been done exactly
That's different. It's that you're mixing
things because one thing is when
We were discussing How it works
presumption of innocence that I have there
I'm right and I've always been right. But it's
that I will never discuss that
I curse the mother who gave birth to you like
that how am I going to argue is that how am I going to
to discuss a matter of legality
what was I talking about touching him or
be how I'm going to take it the day before yesterday
listen to a video when I said You
I was right with the presumption of
the absence and you said you don't have it no
I know why Because Javi dude because I don't
He is referring to the fact that you were not right
legal I'm telling you this all of me
I have never spoken about time, that is what it is
That's what makes me laugh that you wear
to say that I say one thing and I don't
I say that thing you know if it's like that I
I'm not talking about that, man. I've never
talked about that which we may have
another different language you can be the
another day I think it was precisely in the
video I recorded in the Holea garage
I said by the way no one has asked me
Sorry about the presumption.
innocence that we were there for a [ __ ] week
fighting with that and I had and have the
reason that you don't even have a video anymore
and I have 4 uncle Because uncle you are
clinging to the fact that in a legal thing that
you argued with tocaré you were right
to say that he was right
previously with Yucatan And it is not
I understand that you want the plan
save you there but it is not like that
I was right about Yucatan, I didn't, I didn't.
I have said whether I am right or not Because
We don't know that yet, but it's that
absolutely no one has criticized you
about the legality, uncle, everyone
All the channels were talking about what
you said about Yucatan
no no no no no What do you mean no Javi, uncle me?
He's making it up right now, you bastard.
but how are we doing, I'm making it up, man?
You're telling me that you haven't
criticized because I explained the
presumption of innocence and not
you understood
no no no it's that it's that I actually
I'm telling you that I have never
criticized for a legality issue
I always say it, man, in matters
legal I'm going to tell you that always who
come to me That I have 1% more
legal credibility that I am going to give it
the speed I was talking to you about
never criticizing you those terms is that
What sense would that make on my part?
criticizing you in those terms is no no
It makes sense in the video I record
In the garage I said put it on the presumption
of innocence I was right and always the
I have had and I tell you no
And by the way Turbo plan also by
For example, I take another video with the same thing.
string before the Yucatan thing, eh?
before I said what I said about Yucatán Turbo
Same plan because Antonio defends this one
David of the presumption of absence and
this no and I don't know no I mean you're me
saying that you have not criticized me for
that's going to give me something but but but you
you understand that
Today my God when you are
reacting to that video I always say
I was right about the
presumption of innocence you said no no
has never had it literally was two years ago
times
dude it doesn't matter dude I mean I think who
want to understand that understands and who
Whoever does not want to understand, then no.
I understand I'm not going to be double either
more turns to this chimpun
exactly
that can be done Although a person has
came out innocent, which is what you have done
grabbed with I will touch because it has the
reason a posteriori and after that
It would happen, they had already criticized you, yes
the events are these Javi says something the
people criticize him
You try to defend yourself, he comes to knock
This gives the reason in the presentation of
Innocence is worth it And you say No, it's not that
That's what I've been saying all along
and it is not true, they are criticizing you
for something else not for that reason you know
check it tomorrow please. I mean it is.
recorded before I realized the reason
that I in the reaction
Well I don't even think that in the
reaction in the video I edited the
I have the frames like this in bad shape
In that video wait for your moment I think
that you are sending me the exact moment
Javi
1442 34 nights is not good though
Javier Ibarra defends him at Apolo
but you are denying me what
We have been arguing all our lives
does
I, I can speak for myself, I don't know the
I don't want to talk about other things because of my problems.
I tell you
Well, I have never criticized that, I don't know.
you would have to pay more
attention
It's not right even if Javi defends it.
Okay, okay. Here you are reacting.
How many parts have you made of this? I mean
How many parts have you made of the video of the
mother who gave birth to you This is the part that
we were missing okay let's see 14 42 okay let's see
how the [ __ ] do I hear it man
14 42 ok
[Laughs]
But okay, here you are laughing at the But
Okay, you're saying it, but
Hahaha it's funny
you put your hands on your face because I have
said but but
the presumption of innocence is until
the presumption is proven otherwise
innocent until proven innocent
On the contrary there can be no buts, I didn't know
I
Well let's listen. What's the but?
Let's listen. What's the big deal? Come on.
see lest it turns out to be something
important I here take for granted and to
I better have a little confidence that's how it was
but here I assume that Dalas
is saying this because some friend
his has taught him the conversations
of this boy, then telling him some kind
I want to give up on the same filth
fact that Dalas when he is saying
This is because some friend of hers even told me
I imagine the friend that I have taught her
some conversations or something with some
type of filth
I imagine you take it for granted that the
Dalas's word is tested
and you here you are doing
[Music]
I'm desperate yesterday
but there where you talk about the presentation
of legal innocence I just said in the
video Here the respect is always given
presumption of innocence But
and you already do How does a but do
But how is he going to have a dog, I don't know what?
and I and you have already said let's listen
the But and the but was
I want to think that Dalas what he
What will have happened is that some friend of hers
She came and I taught her conversations
or something like that or that And that has
What does it have to do with being criticized for that?
It has to do with what with what with
the matter of legality
So who is accusing you of that?
be illegal But let's continue
listening
because what I have said has no
sense then but not because it is
illegal because I find it funny because
It's like when he says I'm not racist but
let's see wait wait wait
presumption Yes but
but
It's Dallas, it's Dallas, you know, plan if he does it.
He says There must be a reason How good Uncle what
Well, man, now he just criticized the one who
If he says it, there must be a reason.
Oh my God, I'm racist but I'm not.
racist But he set the same example
but
there are not many more arguments either
That's why I tell you I'm not
arguing nothing legally
funny about the girls who report
Men complain that only the
word of a person be pale as
You try it in this case it is for trust
but you do give an understanding
that in this case there is something behind it
Egon Pasa says that I imply that
there is something behind
i guess
no no something grain
but there is something behind it but it is not that
no, there's no way, right?
Javi here the presumption of innocence
for you balls Moreno my balls
dark-skinned therefore
So you're saying that I'm
breaking the presumption of innocence
Okay
yes where did I miss it
you don't see it either
not worth it, worth it, worth it, worth it
Well, nothing, nothing. I mean, that's it, no.
no, no, no, there's no way. No, no ...
it is or it is always we will always be able to
we can say I think that it is already that
we want to recognize no
No, I'm telling you now, from now on
Well, we can always say I for
resolution of innocence but of course if it
He says there must be a reason
for some reason things always or whatever
Wismichu called Dallas an abuser
also in that video no but for some reason
will be therefore we have to trust in
his word for defaming him because he had
false information because they lied to him
because he believed it because he thinks it
It really can be a lot. There must be a reason.
Of course, normally when you say something
It will be because of the lack of credibility
the other person Sure, sure
Once you piss me off
This week I'll say something about Yucatan.
the 8 No because then it mixes in the
8 clip as if I were saying
that of 8 instead of Yucatan Now yes, I already
If I already once that to see why me
You said to look too
So the thing is that there was no here
said about Yucatan And you're saying that
I'm skipping the presumption of
innocence
I tell you when I reacted to this I already
I've seen I had already seen the other Okay
Well, look at this video, it's from the day
22 not because it is the third part we have
said that it was from the
context context curls
I'm going to believe it's 22 because you have
another t-shirt is worth it And my video when
I say what happened in Yucatan is fine.
and I think that all the extracts are not
you go up the same day it takes a day or two
sometimes not but well come on let's go
to put the 22 but when I say that
Yucatán I do upload the extracts
instantly
because you are watching a video
indeed
Indeed, I had already seen there
about the [ __ ] and I told him something
It happens because the hell it happens because of that clip
when the screwed up clip is the other one AND
because you're watching the bomb video
when you had already seen it last week
before I was not there to see I don't know
What are you telling me? I'm probably crazy, but I
I tell you what I speak for myself You know I
I don't know what the others do, I'll tell you.
I context context at that time
I freaked out because I spoke, I had seen it
that you had said before
There's something here that I'm not keeping to myself.
It can't be. It's not clear, or rather, it's like
you're watching again So how come
you upload a part
Well, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, that is, me, me
when I say something If I I [ __ ] man you
You want to paint me something else that you
I want to ask Javi why the [ __ ]
You say that I say some things in private
and then a public says other Because you
In public you have said no, no, no
Do you believe that it is what it was? I told you so.
when we talk about it
what was that something of the multi
accounts may be may be one of the
multi accounts yes
You tell me that I alone have multiple accounts
No
who do you think they are? Okay, that's it.
We talk and that is already seen in the chat that
I don't say that, I say something else
in the chat
Yes, I was checking it the other day.
two moments in which you mention it one
It is very clear what I do
reference and the other is less clear but
has an explanation
We talked about that recently, it's here.
not by hand but you have to take out more
part of the conversation because if only
you take that out
pieces I'm going to read piece How to search
this
hosts
Put teletubio something like that because I think that
It was that word that we were talking about
and this has a search engine too if
the conversation there is a search engine above
theright
Okay, I'm going to put on a canitidillero
I don't think that's the right word, no, I don't think so.
that I had it I looked for it I was looking at it
the other day
you could also look up what I say is
Yes, wait, I'll go look for it.
He is not a newsboy, he is a cane seller for sure.
No
say names
you say, that is, there is a phrase that you
you grab to say that I say it very
Of course, and my literal phrase is to have
Teletubbies is very obvious that's what
says okay but I'm not saying that
Teletubbies is very obvious that
who am I telling you that
Teletubbies very obviously sends me things
or that he has sent me things because here
We were talking, I'm telling you
that there are people who send me things from you and
You tell me if not he I don't know who he is
Teletubbie no and I say let's see
Teletubbies very obvious But there are others
There are other people who have also
sent Look for it Look it says
Nameless Look for it and see, I won't say the
Man, I don't say names, the thing is that
wait, it's quite a lot to see
I say there are people since I argued
with you There is Peña who talks to me and passes me
[ __ ] and you tell me Well here you say
something else that has nothing to do with it
you say but let's see if you don't remember and don't
so strong okay I don't know and I say people to the
I don't pay any attention to it and you say yes
Teletubbie no and I tell you Teletubbies
your machine XD It's a That turkey has of
all yours eh And you tell me no need for a
sketch to realize who it is eh
And I tell you to watch Teletubbies, very obviously.
but that's because it refers to the
next sentence the next sentence
It should go together but it's not the only one. Eh
yes yes let's see very obvious or that is me
that I think you are telling me that it is very
Obviously Who huh No I'm not telling you
Teletubbies very obviously is me
things are happening but it's not the only one eh
because we are talking about happening things
Teletubbies that's what they're telling me
vest you no no if you put that but of course
I understand when you answer me
after I tell you it is not necessary
a sketch to know who is the one you
is in charge or the one who is in charge of you
From that account and you say Yes to him
you very obviously damn Yes because in that
At that moment we were both typing
I take out like we've done 20 times and we're
speaking before the other answers and
You, I'm telling you to see
Teletubbies very obvious but it is not the
unique eh There are people who don't even have your idea That's it
the complete phrase So teletubbie to you
He has sent you my folders, no,
we are no no no no no no what's going on
folders not folders to me it has not
nobody sent it but it is put on. That is to say
Teletubbie there is a moment from ago
between Well Teletubbie there is obviously
a time between 2020 and 2022 that
indeed click for you to make me
videos no but that was that was ago
a long time That's not from now eh that
It is from now, that is that time
has done with people because then
What happens is that I always end up
see, I mean, I really do have a couple
of months that have gotten out of hand
Here is the discussion but I do not wish you the
bad neither nor I mean I imagine that I
I don't take away your sleep either, nor am I
important in your life or anything for that matter
style if we have to have one
We have a conversation and if not, then no.
just supports but of course
Then I talk to people and in
many times with people I have
fought youtuber with those I have had
discussions have come to tell me and
show me screenshots after I go
keeping that teletubbie person safe
He starts sending you clips of information
about me
you too were one of them no
Let me tell you that I once
I had also asked him
I had told him you have that clip
where Yes but sometimes but
He was sending me things all day long.
I'll tell you that one, maybe I'll tell you that one.
Honestly, I don't have to lie to you.
the best in 2020 end of 2020 and
early 2021
has contacted me twice that
person who makes contact
not with you
no you with her is not this person is that
I don't remember, maybe yes, I don't know.
Ok, but that is relevant to me.
I'm telling you that there are people who are not
relevant to nothing good
it can't be any Random at all
TRUE
I don't think it's a Random but it is
The same thing that happens to me with naughterfly no
I know who the [ __ ] it is. Hey, yesterday, yes, half to me.
Some clues as to who he is
of the night at the end of my live show no
but I saw it on Twitter. Oh, okay.
Ok but on Twitter Someone has said
Yesterday Javi and boxing to butterfly Ah ok
okay okay yes yes half we can't do it
confirm but I had the feeling that
that person but well then or
be me is that really when you me
You put TV on too, it's very obvious to me.
I understood and there it seems that I am you
saying
but of course when you told me no no you
you know and I'm thinking crazy but if I
Sometimes I rack my brains wondering Who
These are the people
in the head thinking about Who it will be
newsboy and Teletubbies really is
that
No, no, I'm not going to say anything, I'm not
I'm going to say names but it would be difficult for me
believe that those names were the truth
You're telling me that for real.
do it
Yes, I like to think that people don't
she's so sick uncle
cousin can have revenge can have
you have to be used by many people, no
many people don't have to be one
sick person, that is, there is no reason why
But how many people have you argued with?
your life Damn but don't forget me
never and that they cannot speak or stop
the things I'm never talking about here
with you and we have spoken a thousand times
I understand. I mean, like at that level.
that cannot be forgotten in life and
Years pass and multiple accounts are created for
me exclusively
It's just that maybe they are different
people who have gotten mad at you in
different moments
Teletubbie newsboy is the same
person and have even made mistakes
have often tweeted from the account to
contrary and many indications that already
I will be able to explain in a little while
I can explain it a little and also not
They are the only ones, let's go, there are many accounts
that are similar your cross between
They are already when I explain well
Things will be understood. But oh well.
I am surprised that he does not suspect and that he does not
believe but well that you don't ever
One more thing: Yes, I don't defend Wismichu, no.
I have to defend them. The absurdity
conspiracy theory that I have
recruited and by the way what he said yesterday
plays since he had been recruited I have
I spoke with Ana today and I told her, Hey you
Have you ever spoken to tocarez and me?
He said no, the only thing I did was for
0.99 euros I became a member of your channel
that's the only thing that made what content
I will touch that you are you
but she and I have been talking for a while
and she knows that he and I were colleagues and
that we talked and the girl had
After watching the live broadcast, I said, well, look at one
euro to touch that is a colleague of laser
end If you want to think that's it
recruitment well what do I know dude so
we sell the ass cheap 099 you know
you are also a true friend
Ana has become a member for real
No, but I think he has followed him in
Twitter if I'm not mistaken follows him on
Twitter I think so if I'm not mistaken Yes
on Twitter to a person who has
messing with her friends I think so I think so
that they did start following each other a while ago
little do a year and I say when you see the
phase fought with Dalas on Twitter no no no
I think that before that they were already following each other
because I think Quebec told me I think
that the Dalas will be scratched or will have
because he will have seen this such or that I
I was talking to you about something and I think it's
before that let's see I don't know, man, what do you
You think I know when people follow each other?
I tell you yes
It seems to me that he has very theories
innocents who have been in it for so long
internet but but I mean I'm talking to you about
What I know, I honestly don't know.
what they did to you at 33
Okay, I don't know if you let yourself be eaten.
head or not worth it I tell you with
aracne that I'm not talking about Dallas or that I'm not
I'm talking about a topic like that of the
YouTube gestures
that contacted me That's why I can assure you
I think it is [ __ ] to think
no but that is not the issue the issue is
That is, you recognize that they bring you closer
when he sees that you are a channel for him
[ __ ] Dallas Well just like me
I approach a channel that has given me the
reason why I argued with someone
you know, of course, just like you approach
to another person who agrees with you because
You're talking about that one thing, huh?
I subscribed to a channel because it is
defending me or because he agrees with me
to me and another thing is that I subscribe to
a channel because you are getting one
[ __ ] to a person who is the ex of a
my friend of I don't know what no because for
example with Joan Planas if you had a
channel that would also have had a
problem with Joan Planas if there was one
threw [ __ ] at Joan Planas
literally There are a lot of people who
They throw [ __ ] at Joan Planas and I don't
I'm still with him a tbh he's further away dude
But if you started making friends because of that
What goes on, what goes on What I did not know and
we had collaborated before, that is to say
literally
There are a lot of people who have fought
with Joan Planas after me and I neither
I have not given him any [ __ ] nor have I spoken to him nor
I haven't even followed him on YouTube
And still Look, look at you, look at you
It would still be more logical if I
follow someone who is interested in you
[ __ ] Joan flat because I'm the one who
has had the problem directly with
he but you will be Ne has not had any
problem with Dalas, that is, she takes it
as if it were her but with you but
with you yes
but with me yes, but it's that she
follow people who don't even bother me
me but with what Dallas throws at him. I mean
It's not true, that's not true in fact.
there was someone who did the test not me
agreed who it was
that there was someone who did the test and
created an account and started insulting me
me and Adala and they followed him and followed him
all almost all Yes yes but well no
It's obviously your fault, what I blame
Mine I tell you obviously it is a
It is obvious that people come together for
interests and comes together for things in
common obviously but from there
Their lives will revolve around Dallas
They get along well with the people they go to
against Dallas and they get along badly with the
people who are in favor but have a
problem now of course but one
perspective That's your perspective but
There are people who may have the
perspective that perspective of you
also
Okay, you don't follow people, but yes
that you are quite aware of what
they are quite aware of the [ __ ] is
the same as I am quite aware
of the [ __ ] they do who they Yes
when
Man, you find out when they give you a like.
you find out when you comment against yourself
you find out when they follow I don't know who when
eats that are pending
There are times when I haven't realized it but the
Most of them are sent to me. It's logical.
It doesn't matter but they send them to you because
You must have said that they should send them to you because
you want to know
send it to me, send it to me, I have half a million
From Followers he sent it to me to see it, I don't think so.
I don't think they'll send you the time that
They make Czechoslovakia and will send you the
things that matter to you no no but oh well
the things that matter to me don't command me
things that are said about me on the internet
They usually send it to me and in the group kids
Clear clear
One thing, one thing is what they say about me
that I pay attention to what they say
Of them I don't know if there are people who
They mess with them if they criticize them
I mean, it's like the analogy that you
you are trying to do is not the same
which would really be the same analogy
would be that I were
following me and talking to people
to publicly demonstrate that they have
an antipathy for them and that
whoever likes those people, very well
You have a point in your favor in
As for not following people but it is a
obvious that you are interested
when Maria gives a like when Ismael
posts a tweet mentioning you or
that or a like even because you are
constantly doing but putting the
same level share to give fap or when
Acne puts oneself It is not the same
because favs are not shared
Normally Although there may be a
percentage that is not the same but
Well
that the likes that people give you
follow, they usually come out. Not all of them.
man then you will have the whole TV
fried but it is to share it somehow
way also in your profile but in
anyway I'm a gossip channel
literally if wismichu shares a
I have to take out that tweet, Condala.
a video of the song
I think that specifically who
I know that Aracle is more or less
just as dependent on you as you are on her
From what I can see apparently
even when I have done interviews of
Anthony David or when I asked him
interview Antonio David Flores I don't know if
You know it when I interviewed him.
Antonio David Flores, that is to say, those people
was messing with me Even in the
time when I was fully focused on
lordship or something that does not have
absolutely nothing to do with them and
They were throwing my [ __ ] and one came out
magazine if they interviewed me in
the TV Well actually literally
when they interviewed me at the
They will send me a tweet that
Of course, I'm saving it when I
They send them for when she says that
Aranne mentions him and posted a tweet. Well
apart from what I was going to tell you at the time
that I was with Antonio had been
direct he became spider to say that the
the one with the Youtube gossip with the one with the
TV gossip that they have gathered what
Dog doesn't eat dog, look at what I think
I was saying Dog doesn't eat dog
and then when I did when I
They did the report on the sixth channel that
It was something that I did not go to the press to
ask as they do to me they came to
looking for me and they insisted until I
I said yes, okay, he started criticizing me.
me to the sixth for making a report and it is
What [ __ ] problem do you have with me?
make a report because they are
making child pornography of my
children and why are they publishing my
[ __ ] data
or so what is there that I have
make a report because even that is known
complained about laserland
Let's see if they do one to her
report defending that they are
making any of them make him
a report on a television network
defending him from something like that is beyond me.
It happens to criticize the chain of
television or put some But why
They have complaints that the sixth one
make a report about the nonsense that I
were doing but for example you
I will criticize myself when it was the sixth
No, of course, but it is a topic that she is interested in.
I don't believe her. I mean, if she does, then
The best thing is that they don't believe you what it is
what you don't believe me and what they were telling me
doing it to me they were doing it to me
publicly laser or whatever
I'm just saying, imagine them, let's see, look and
I also have a video talking about it
From Antena 3 I am directly dismantling
your arguments point by point because they
contradict things in other videos
that she goes up okay okay you react
they reacted yours is that I don't know
where the problem is they do not react to it
mine
directly one thing you react to
something of mine to a video of mine in which I
I'm telling something, an anecdote,
story of my life and you complain or what
whether it's because you don't believe it but another
thing is that they make a report about me where
I have a [ __ ] stalker posting my
personal data on 8000 web pages and
you complain that they give me a voice or that is to say that the
you may have a problem with me doing it
That's in the sixth. Well, maybe not.
They trust your word, what do I know?
I I I I don't think so.
that it is a matter of that fio not being
lose my word or literally me
Yes, I admire them, they do that to me, I would get a
video defending her man saying that
the credibility of the team
research is what it is, well, I
I know they might distrust you and
research team what credibility
has research team No man
telling that he has done that they stole his
Well they stole it I know or they based it on it
Tamayo documentary and then he didn't
They didn't give a damn. But that's not it.
a question of credibility, that is a question
of not giving credits man is a matter of
credibility is not a bit related
with its ethical and moral values ​​Not that
It means that if we get down to it
assess to see what it has to do with
credibility with which they collect information
from YouTube and don't give credit to the
youtuber man if they are reporters and they are
research teams and do not investigate
Well, man, I think it's pretty obvious.
but let's see, let's see, one thing to choose
information from a site and not give
credits and another is not having credibility
and make up a story if your name is
research team and what you do
is not to investigate, I tell you that you
credibility is not very good I don't think so
that have nothing to do with the
credibility Okay, so nothing then
when he made the team
research a report that was not
truthful or literally, for example the
report they made about the cuckoo in
France, literally, was the [ __ ].
Damn, I'm not telling you no.
do things that are not to be seen but to be done
I wouldn't trust a program that does
This type of behavior is already there, that is, it is
which means things happen by
Something people think things for a reason
and things happen for this reason because
people end up thinking and extrapolating
That's it then I tell you Even
in research team each
report that I think there are three or
four in each program each report
It is carried by an editor and a cameraman is worth it or
be the editor who did my report
It has nothing to do with what he did
in size and has nothing to do with the
What did the cuckoo do? Yes, but what did I do?
It doesn't matter, I'm telling you from outside.
that is perceived as a person's
people who do this are not
serious people then understand that their
credibility can be whole of
judgment is an opinion of the people
It's not that far-fetched either.
I think I understand, but the point is
You don't complain that Maria goes
to do Sorry one thing or whatever
did what the turkey was doing to me
But I'm going to see what I'm putting
she on the subject of team
research because it was fabric
that put okay or what I was saying
playing the part of the team
research or what was giving
my voice It's that that's not a thing that is
have invented as a team
research is that that is one thing that
It was in public and everyone saw it
That is to say, they are not that at some point
they think that research team
Look at the most disgusting being of the gossip
from YouTube is interviewing the most
disgusting gossip of the
television
Very surprised Dog doesn't eat dog What
What do you think of this tweet?
heated
Do you know what Dog doesn't eat means?
dog looks like a warmed up one to me
everything is fine, what do you want me to tell you?
answer okay okay I saved it and
don't answer we all got hot Javi and
you know it well
but man a hottie When someone
He's telling you something you can't do
heat for many things uncle I know
that for me a hottie but me What
Do you want me to tell you? You know, I also
I have warmed up many times so I can
understand that someone has a
skid or go crazy, let's see or
whether you are defending that Yucatan
of the presumption of innocence when I
I haven't skipped it and it seems like a
Someone tell me Dog no
eat dog you know what you are accused of
Antonio David Flores no
to eat dogs
I don't know if yes yes yes but how have you
said a dog eats dog and you come to me
say as if you look at some relationship
Dog doesn't eat dog Ah okay you are
saying that there is an association of
ideas there but not eating dog is what
People say that Rocío Carrasco creates
because he says that among abusers there is no
They criticize each other. Oh, okay, okay. I understand now.
You look like a [ __ ] then, man, yes.
I don't know how heated it is and I've already told you that
It doesn't seem right to me
the tweet
There is a mess, I say it because why
You know that I do say what I think
in this mind you know I mean no but it's that
You're telling me that we're the same.
equally dependent on each other
see you have also said many things in the
past of uncle I have said things about her
at the beginning of fighting because it
first thing he did when I made the game
over was to go to another youtuber to send him
my audios to put [ __ ] after
be my friend for I don't know how many months
He took things that we both talked about in
private
that we both criticized the same thing
YouTuber went to suck up to that guy
youtuber and I sent him audios of mine Cari look
what Javi says about you but we can't
talk about love rat my name is rat in the
daily forum my name is rat
he started making stories on his account
from Instagram because I made one
tattoo with my wife's name
to say that it was tacky and a
canorada tell me also At what point is
She has to start uploading stories
from Instagram to messing with my tattoos
And am I going to regret it if he tattooed me?
My wife's name is that I don't want
I started it but you have to
know I didn't put a tweet I put a
tweet with the video saying Look what
you're telling me and you know what he did to me
He took down his Twitter account, but he has to
being a great argument better person threw me
the Twitter account
claiming that you are very much against
the strikes By the way true
fraudulent and others no Yes, well your friend
He took down my Twitter account claiming
that my video where I was commenting on the
her video was a private video
claiming that it was a video as if it was
from a non-Instagram user who was
private
That's how your Twitter account got rid of me.
friend That's when that was that
when we stop talking to each other
How many times since then I don't know
How many times have I said stop and that
leave me alone and then don't leave me alone
you say that we are both at the same level
Pay attention to the other when I am with you
asking
Look, I don't want to, it's just that I don't want to.
talk about these things because no because
It's just unfair because you don't take me out
Things are like this but I don't want to
take out the other things then no It's not
Unfair because it's a string of things
that you tell me and things that I'm not going to
say Then pass but but that I don't
Obviously I'm not going to defend this but
is that this was 2016
in 2019 2019
Well, it's not long since that happened.
It wasn't a neighborhood, it was before, they are telling me
blaming 2019 for things and
headlines in the newspapers about things of the
2019 still eh I don't think so I think so
I think that topic is from my Boot so that
you know the context for my taste
that they made a big mistake with me
They were there and very strong and many
things here more that I'm not going to put to you
because there is no problem with you but very very
very good strong Okay and in a few
months when I can tell everything, I will
I will tell you things that are not your fault
But the thing is that I think it is
quite clear that publicly said
Please let's leave him alone
Life is very short and everyone should move on
with his [ __ ] life and each one pulls for a
side and they do not go looking for each
one we have on the side they are trying
humiliate they are trying to crush, that is
what [ __ ] intention can you have when
the thing is not about you I'm not taking out
videos of you and you send me a tweet
calling me Dog doesn't eat dog
Let's see. I'm already telling you that
Obviously you have more mastery of this subject
because you are the one involved and I
I could only tell things that are not
I can tell because I am not involved
So it's unfair that you claim it from me.
I understand you but don't defend me
affirm are his words look when you
You do it when you say what you think about the subject of
child, what you say, you do what you say
No, I don't do laser. Give me the case.
I don't do it when you say that about the child
says no it's that she doesn't mention the child
I have a laser sight with them when fighting.
since putting up with things since 2019 no
It would be neither the second nor the third nor the
fourth, that when the girl doesn't have me
They put the child in when not my wife
I put my hand in the fire that that tweet
goes with second intentions
seconds of what second for me to
hot because they are mentioning the
child but good
The people you talk to are liars
together now that he put you in a tweet no
I know if it happens to you or someone What a liar he is
Olivas if I don't even know that he has one
Boy, how the hell do you not know what I have?
a child if my crying video of 400,000
visits for which I already burst is because
Lorena was pregnant
How the hell are you not going to know that I have a
Boy, if you know even the tattoos that
I put myself in my family
I'll tell you anyway
You are not to blame for what I am doing to you
saying we are straying but I
I've already told you and I talked to you about it
deeply I put my hand in the
fire that tweet that you defend
saying that it's not for my son, it's for me
son is neither the second nor the third
in which they mention things about my son or
of my daughter and then they put you will see how
mentions that we are messing with the
daughter you will see how he mentions that we are
mentioning the woman they do it to
purpose because they know it is the only one
way of touching me where it hurts that
Mention mine, I think they are not
so clever
I honestly think that
you haven't said it, you idiot, today you said it
No, I already told you, I don't have filters that
I don't, but I think in this case I
no, I don't attribute this to this.
ability to do that
oh well
Whatever you want, keep it away from cycling
in a few years two or three years
when you have to agree with us, friend
Dalas for whatever reason they are going to take yours
conversations you have talked about and you
they are going to sell
Well, when that happens I hope that I
defend the nautical I will defend you and
I will explain and wait to see if we see
If you do not do as with the presumption of
the bull runs recognizes that he had the
reason nothing That's not going to happen but but
out out is worth it to me the only thing that
It's my turn for pizza, okay? I'll briefly
that I had to go for ten [ __ ] minutes and
I've been here for 19 hours
let's see, it bothers me, it bothers me that
You say Oh, it's that they have bought it, it's that
Now he can't tell you he has the war
really [ __ ] think about it
Seriously, that's what I see reflected in.
the same mistakes because But it doesn't happen
nothing are things that have to happen
life until it arrives and will change your
perspective of many people who
criticism for me is not that you have to
grab by the balls because in reality
They don't have you. Ah, I don't know what you have.
told that you have a corpse in the
refrigerator you do not have to have the
egg But you have a feeling of
discomfort when you have to say something
negative against wismichu and you
see the body language or in the
way of saying things when you
you contradict naughter in the
videos every time wismichu and it's like
that you see yourself in the commitment and notice that
He only speaks to you according to you with a yes
will speak to you clearly
I'm going to answer you, I'm not bad.
feeling and bad body when talking about
Wismi for what they can tell me
I have a bad feeling when I talk about
wismichu because it is a topic that as I
I stopped defending him and they were going to throw themselves at me.
everyone on top That's what turns me on
uncomfortable not what they can tell me
because if I happen Because if I say one
word bad and people interpret that
I'm defending too much
I mean, that's what pisses me off.
no no, what they can tell me in
against not what they can say find
I'm telling you, I don't give a damn about literature
but that's what I'm telling you but
defending him these days Eh Well
Imagine
literal salt I think you said something like
that the charro thing Lee that nobody does it
criticized until Dallas uncle took it out or
So let's see, I've done the roulette.
thing of 2013 you are 36 or 37 years old
This opens 10 years ago
who saw wrong what wismichu did in
chatroulet
I wasn't on the internet at that time
but [ __ ], dude, don't [ __ ] with me. Which one?
It is the perception of that kind of thing in
internet, that is, I'm not talking to you
If I see it well or I see it badly, I will tell you.
I am saying objective data which
These are the objective data, you tell me why
example of the Nazis and the nonsense
these that some tweets for example are
for example I don't know what Nazi isn't getting involved
with people like that a little bit special
Ita didn't do it much either in
Twitter I mean there are a lot of things that I
say
but I say it in many ways that I don't
I can defend you, uncle, I mean, I don't
I can defend myself, I can understand it alone
but not defend I understand the
context in which it happened I remember
from when there were those videos and I
agreement of what people said and the
people didn't say
I think that people didn't see it and they
he gave the eggs and I thought
He literally became a millionaire because of it.
that is, a millionaire exactly
Many people applauded him for that but
where are those people, that's the level of the
things he has done he has not done
everything eh The others haven't done it eh me
I haven't had the others but there were
lots of people doing chatroulettes yes
who also copied it from things
Anglo-Saxons too and that this was something
that was the same as him
I don't know that, I can't be that anymore.
because I don't know what they did nor he
specifically 100% nor what they did
everyone else So I can't do
that analogy but that I remember I
I think they would have come out if now when
They have started criticizing him and taking him out
clips of others would have come out and I
The most that has ever come to me was someone who
He once sent me a clip of Auron that
He said something about [ __ ] several tits or something
So it's nothing to do with it. It's been lost.
blond who said I don't know what, but the
click that you see on wismichu and the
friends and others, well yes yes yes yes yes but
That's what I'm telling you, I'm not defending it.
I see it wrong and he himself sees it wrong
the issue is not that, the issue is we are
judging in 2022 for something that was done in 2013
absolutely no one threw anything at him
[ __ ] people
On Twitter, the names of
influences that did not exist in the
tits on Twitter and nobody said anything
literally a week to say why
Dallas faked his death
That is, it is from the same era and it is a
nonsense like but it's just as rich but
faking your death is just as ridiculous in
2013 than in 2022
the perspective of time not of another
angle is not the same as being 15 years old
that you are actually 25 but at the
time to compile who's who
It has to be put on the table that
wismichu did that Of course because
supposed
But what I'm telling you is that the
perspective of time does not change, it changes
The chatroulet thing if it changes because it has
changed society and sees those things from
different way but the Society of the same
way that someone fixes his death in
Internet How society has changed
Now that someone fakes death, there is no
changed I see infinitely worse is
I don't see anything comparable to the Charro.
Black thing about death I don't see it either
I don't see it comparable nor do I see it worse than the
chatroulette but when it comes to evaluating
Dallas Well I take into account that it does
this kind of things but that's what it has
what to see
does not do in 2013 when children
no no and he keeps doing it because he said
that he had 10 million euros that he
had given away and because a thousand things that
who pulls a [ __ ] series out of his ass like
If you make me a series, where is the
Javi series But where is the series But
What harm does it do to say that they have
given away 10 million we are not talking
We are talking about damage at the time of
evaluate the person who is capable of
go out and tell a global lie to all of your
people and on top of that maintain themselves and give them
covered up the lie that's what I mean
nonsense but it doesn't hurt anyone
I mean it seems to me but compare that with
with the other thing, that is
We don't have to play him for what he did.
in 2013
No. I mean, we can take it into account.
Who is Wismichu? But it seems absurd to me.
It's just like look, I'm sure you
You have that video or someone around you
commented on wismichu's video
making a fool of himself by judging with the
prism of 2021 you see 2020 the announcements of